{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Take a look at all of your characters who have names or speaking parts and take a census of them. Have a look at Wikipedia or the census for your country (if your country takes a census) for ideas on how this is laid out. You might need a lot of scratch paper; the simplest way of doing this is to separate your characters into categories you want to take census of and make hatchmarks below each category for every character that falls under it. It seems like pointless statistic work, but it'll give you an overview of your world as you've created it, which is a good way of seeing if your statistics match the image of your world. For instance, if you picture your city streets as being full of orange people, with the occasional blue or pink person, and you realize that half your major or named characters are blue people, a lot of your single-line characters are blue people, and a lot of people in your orange characters' pasts are blue people, either you need to redo your demographics or your city has a peculiar enclave of blue people. Which implies all other kinds of things about diaspora, cultural centers, and migrant populations.\
\
If you're like me and you have a bizarre fetish for graphs, pie charts, and spreadsheets, you can even make this all prettified in a presentation. But that's not necessary.\
\
More seriously, this is a place where author biases can show up. Not because they're creeping in more here, author bias is a sneaky little bastard that's always around nibbling at your fingers. I mean, now that everything's crunched down to the numbers, this is where the numbers will reflect what you're doing underneath. Take a good look at your racial demographics, your sexual demographics, cultural, sexual orientation, species, social class, and wealth. Make sure that if you're focusing on one cultural group (Fiddler on the Roof, ), one gender (Oz, Shawshank Redemption, The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie), etc, that there's a good reason for it. }