{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red126\green116\blue16;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before the incident, four tasks were completed. They could not be failed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One. The father skinned the head of the elk, cleaning the flesh and blood off the bone until there was only skull left. He placed it on the ground with the utmost respect, two other elk skulls joining it as if they were the corners of a triangle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two. He removed the cork from the vial and poured the blood into a white basin. Together, the concoction glowed blue. Spirit was strong here. The collection of blood was gathered from an assortment of animals, but it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter to him. It was no coincidence that Spirit was most abundant in the veins, carried through the blood, which happened to be the life essence of all beings. If you did not bleed, you never lived. And even the Archaic Gods bled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three. Fren and his son Aley carried her coffin to the living room, lowering the box onto the floor. In front of it laid the hearth. A script engraved on the top read, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Until we meet again.\u8221\'94 Aley, excited as ever, followed Fren\u8217\'92s instructions. His father had been talking about the possibility of this event for months, but they had finally obtained enough life essence to try. If he had taught Aley anything, it was to always try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four. Fren placed the basin on the coffin, wetting his hands with pure Spirit. He looked at his son, a shaky breath replacing his once confident one. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93B\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  back up, my son. It\u8217\'92s time. It\u8217\'92s time for her to come home.\u8221\'94 The boy did as he was told, and Fren focused back on the basin. It had been a while since he had tried any spells, but he had to do it today. He had to be stoic. Silent. Unbothered. With his hands, he traced the written script in blood, every stroke precise and every gesture coordinated. He did not lift a finger until the symbol was perfectly drawn. He was a different kind of painter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Love,\u8221\'94 a woman\u8217\'92s voice called to him. \u8220\'93Look what I painted today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A young Fren peeked across her shoulder. Sat on a stool, in the very same house, was a slim woman. She gestured at an easel, bright sunlight illuminating the canvas. A spectrum of colors swirled around a painted face. It was her self-portrait. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, that is beautiful. Where did you get all that talent?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, stop it,\u8221\'94 she whispered, half-blushing. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not even done.\u8221\'94 She painted a few more strokes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think it looks great the way it is. You shouldn\u8217\'92t keep changing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not,\u8221\'94 she smiled. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m only adding a few extra touches, that\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94 She painted a bit more. \u8220\'93You know what\u8217\'92s a good idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Surprising you with the painting all finished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He chuckled, confused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you turn around?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stared, bewildered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m already here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on! Turn around, silly. Live a little bit. I want to surprise you.\u8221\'94 Laughing, she tried to spin him around with one hand. He laughed too in response.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright. Look. I\u8217\'92m turning. You\u8217\'92re really insistent.\u8221\'94 Dawdling, he spun around to please her. He didn\u8217\'92t know how long it would take. Time always treated him wrong, minutes weighed like hours. This time, however, it didn\u8217\'92t take long. Strange.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, she spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, I\u8217\'92m ready. I\u8217\'92m so excited for you to see what I worked so hard on. Go ahead. Turn around now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fren played along, turning towards her again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, now let\u8217\'92s see what you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The painting was different. No swirling pallet of colors surrounded her face. Instead, it was surrounded with voided black. And where her eyes were\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 emanated a bright red, dripping down her cheeks onto the edges of the canvas. Blade slashes were abundant around the neck. Her skin a pale gray, as if aged. Pulpy, decaying flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Darling, what is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s me,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand. What did you do to the painting?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t do anything. I painted myself exactly as I look. You know why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could not rip his eyes from the canvas. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I\u8217\'92m dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fren woke with rabid eyes, body jolting from the cot. The pelt he used at night, once a bear, was thrown to the ground. The memories of them together flooded his mind. Weakened his resolve. It had been many years since she passed, but it all felt like hours\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 as if she was already behind that bedroom door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His muscles tautened at the sudden rapping.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The rattling of wood. Aley, sleeping in a separate cot, was startled out of his dreams. They both stared horrified but excited about what was behind the door. Were these sounds of success? Fren signaled the already-rehearsed routine with a gesture, and the boy responded by grabbing his silver sword, a pouch stuffed with steel powder, and a small dagger he tucked inside a belt loop. Confident, Fren crept towards the living room, where the racket grew with intensity. Aley followed suit, as his father turned the knob and pulled the door away to see if it had worked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The coffin shook. The pounding grew louder. Scratching could be heard from the sides of the box, and the script flickered bits of blue light from Spirit, while the elk skulls had turned to dust. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get to the other side, Aley!\u8221\'94 he yelled. The boy, of course, obeyed. Fren stood at the ready, watching his life\u8217\'92s work culminating to this moment. This would be his masterpiece.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The coffin stilled. Everything had quietened down. The script\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s glowing light faded, and everything seemed perfect. Too perfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He held his hand out in panic. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The axe. Bring me the axe.\u8221\'94 Fren was brought the axe and, with poor patience, chopped the chain off that binded the closed lid. He grasped at the edges, signaling for Aley to help. They both began to pry open the coffin box, anticipating for his wife and the mother of his son to be held inside. Alive. That would be truly perfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One\u8230\'85 two\u8230\'85 three!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They lifted the lid up. Threw it to the side. The surface of the deadwood walls covered in dust, Fren and Aley gaped at the real fate that awaited them. Under meshes of cobwebs and specks of debris, a creature was curled up on the bottom. Guttural growls shuddered the box. Course hairs grew out of its pale, gray skin, a tangle of brown and discolored patches of fur dotting its gaunt figure. What once were nails had transformed into talons, and snake slit eyes watched the shadows that played off the now-illuminated interior. Dull antlers, shorter than finger length, stuck out of its skull. It darted its eyes around, following the ever-changing shadows from the swaying hearth. Maybe the concoction of blood was too much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dad\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94 Aley did not blink as he inspected his mother. It didn\u8217\'92t look anything like her. \u8220\'93Is that\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t talk.\u8221\'94 Aghast, Fren placed a hand over his mouth, his breath even shakier than before. Limbs }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 had}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  reattached in awkward angles, and skin appeared too stretched on her body. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make sense at all. Like cluttered patchwork. There was a reason no one imbued corpses with life essence. Once life was taken, it couldn\u8217\'92t be given back easily. He knew this in the back of his mind, but it nevertheless slipped by him. Fren\u8217\'92s hand shook as it reached out to his son. A shiver caught his arm and infected his skin with goosebumps as he inched towards the silver sword that Aley held. \u8220\'93Give me the sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Fren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice shook, \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t argue and give me the sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley shifted his focus on what he assumed was his reborn mother, the creature counting the shadows on the walls. He shifted it back to his father, who had carefully grabbed hold on his sword\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handle. The disgusted face Fren displayed. It all pieced together. The boy pulled away, Fren\u8217\'92s grasp lost in the wind. \u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? What are you going to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes like fogged mirrors, blinded by regretful waters. The man did not look at his son. Only the creature who he once thought could be his wife. He muttered under his breath, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please. Give me it. You\u8217\'92ve never disobeyed me. Trust me, Aley. I seem to have made a mistake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, you didn\u8217\'92t. You brought back Mother, as you said. She\u8217\'92s right there! You did it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not Mother. That thing is not your mother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should have stopped playing with Spirit when I had the chance. If she could only see how foolish I am now. Give me your sword, son.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything was too much for a young boy. Aley felt the power that he held in his hand. The power of choice. However, Fren was getting impatient. He stepped closer towards him, keeping strict eye contact on the creature.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93N\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  no. No.\u8221\'94 The boy backed up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fren turned his head to Aley, his mouth half-agape. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you just say?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I said no. I know what you\u8217\'92re going to do.\u8221\'94 The boy backed up a bit more. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re gonna hurt Mother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fren sighed, sauntering towards Aley. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy.\u8221\'94 Aley kept falling back, pushing against the wall. \u8220\'93Who said I would do such a thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay away. You will not hurt Mother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try to understand that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley aimed the sword at his father. Fren stopped, the sharp tip of the sword pointed at his neck. The boy cried. Had he gone too far this time? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t hurt Mother!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A fear overcame his voice, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay. Okay. Relax. Let\u8217\'92s start with putting the sword down, Aley. How about we start there? I\u8217\'92m not going to hurt her.\u8221\'94 He stepped closer, but his son was persistent. He could not move further without nicking an artery. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m your father. Trust me. Let go of the sword.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands trembled, the silver sword less than an inch away from his father\u8217\'92s neck. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t hurt Mother\u8230\'85 I won\u8217\'92t let you. You can\u8217\'92t bring her back just to take her away again\u8230\'85 you can\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In less time than he could afford, Fren skirted to the side of the blade, grabbing hold of Aley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wrists with a tight grip, the sword clattering from the loss of leverage. He yanked the boy to his face, spit spraying. \u8220\'93Are you kidding me?! Are you trying to kill me?! What is wrong with you, boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry! I\u8217\'92m so so sorry!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You stupid child! How dare you point a weapon at your own father? When I give you orders, you follow \u8216\'91em, dammit! Don\u8217\'92t act like a hero where you\u8217\'92re not one!\u8221\'94 Fren acquired the fallen sword, absorbing the feel of its familiar grip. Engraved on the blade were miniature scripts, meaning words ancient to Fren\u8217\'92s mind. His past felt foreign, disconnected. His arms dangled, numbed\u8230\'85 he stood there contemplating. Aley cowered under his looming shadow. \u8220\'93Do you know how many mistakes I\u8217\'92ve made in my life? Do you know what a poor mind poisoned with hope feels like? No. You don\u8217\'92t. You\u8217\'92re only a child, unable to understand anything by yourself unless I show you the ropes. No. You see that there? That is not your mother. I\u8217\'92ve finally sobered up. No, that is the result of my curse, to play the dreaded role of the Gods. And I played that role when she had you, when you were only a pup and could barely breathe, but now, with the most displeasure I\u8217\'92ve ever felt in my life, I regret to say that I have to play it again.\u8221\'94 Twisting the handle, he turned towards the coffin. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my orders for you to stay down, boy. It\u8217\'92s for the best. I need to fix this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 Aley screamed. Jumping on top of his father, he pulled him down with all the force a small boy could muster. He scraped wool until it reached skin, where his fingernails latched onto layers of flesh. Fren yelled, prying the little fingers embedded into his shoulders off until Aley collapsed onto the ground. The thump cracked the wood below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fren stood at the ready. Left foot forwards, right foot backwards. Aimed at his wife. Focusing his aura on the sword, the scripts engraved on the silver glowing blue, he tilted the blade and was ready to dash. Aley, in haste, recalled the dagger he had in his possession. With shaky precision, he aimed it at his father, hoping it would do something to stop him. He threw it hard. The dagger whistling through the air. It struck him in the calf. His focus interrupted, he knelt down in pain, checking what had hit him. The blade stuck out of his leg. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned around. Rage ignited his resolve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You goddamn runt!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood at the ready once more. Aimed at his son this time. Pure adrenaline pumped through his eyes. Eyes as snake-like as his own wife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. Spirit ran deep through his veins, bringing the animal out of him, his spiritual aura vibrant and possessed. Veins glowed light blue, tiny sparks under the skin shooting up his arms. Nothing went through his mind, only feral rage that few had seen in his lifetime. Lunging at Aley, the sword barely reached his own child\u8217\'92s flesh when a figure tackled Fren across the room in the blink of an eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mother, the creature spawned from death, stiffened her fingers and slashed the man back and forth in strokes with her black talons, full force tearing away at flesh and bone. As if she was an eagle, she screeched, muscles in her back flexing. Fren shrieked, brown wood painted with streaks of red. Writhing, trying to push her away for some relief, she tore at everything in her way, arms and veins tattered. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Evalyn!\u8221\'94 Fren cried out. \u8220\'93Please, spare me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley ran to the slaughter, screaming, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop! Please stop! You\u8217\'92re hurting him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She uttered a few strained words, slurred with savage intent. He kicked around, dealing blows to her legs, but she barely moved. She pierced the sides of his body to grab hold, like a starving bird of prey. Mother flailed him around, banging his head onto the hardwood floor, over and over. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pound. Pound. Pound.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  His mind went fuzzy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy cried, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pound}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please stop! It\u8217\'92s all my fault! I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A last bang echoed, a crack following suit, and Fren went still. Blood pooled in the spaces between the floorboards, his skull cracked open in the back. One eye rolled backwards, the other staring at his wife. His spiritual aura dissipated, as if the glow was his body\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s final attempt at clinging to life. This was the fate of most Spirit hunters\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  to burn bright and die young. But he could have been much more. So\u8230\'85 much more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley, paralyzed at the reality of the situation, buckled at the weight of what had happened and stumbled to the ground. Incredulous. Broken. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look at his father. The guilt was too much. Evalyn removed her nails and threw him over to the side. Inspecting the blood that oozed from his sides and the stained red that glossed over the talons, she groveled to her son. Through little disconnected moments of time, letting her son process everything, he finally faced her. Her face docile and loving. She seemed to be the same as he remembered under all of the fur and animalistic tendencies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a gulp, Aley spoke to her for the first time, a bead of sweat sliding off his forehead\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Mom?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Evalyn stretched her arm out, her index finger reaching him. He flinched, seeing the dried blood settling on the black nail. He whispered in a low tone, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father\u8230\'85 no.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With the back side, however, she caressed his cheek, a low purr-like sound emerging after every breath. His eyes teary, the animal had disappeared from his vision, and his mother shined through. Memories from when he was younger flooded his mind. He gave in to the touch, remembering all the moments when his own mother comforted him. And now, after so many years of her gone, she had come back in his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s place. But he couldn\u8217\'92t ignore the carnage under his nose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sighed, his eyes widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He really did it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The both of them absorbed the silence, but they could not remain unbothered for long. The stench of death had lingered for too long, and the feeling of loss, dormant from his mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s passing, had come back. Nothing was easy, and rarely was it understandable. That was the philosophy of every Spirit hunter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  those who craved the act of playing God. And Aley had just seen it for the first time.}}