{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red126\green116\blue16;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The disfigurement of time had warped the young man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. He had to remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  just in case. Watching in the deep darkness, seeking vision in the most diminutive crack from his perception, his mind played out a bright morning along the Road of Rednin, where a piece of parchment hammered onto a post flapped against the current of the wind. Focusing further, the blurry parchment, clearing up around the edges, was a poster. A missing poster. And under the scrambled portrait of a man, a name was written at the bottom: Tristan Bellinger. The man of the hour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tristan thought of himself as a failed bard. In the midst of his fame, he had turned to other professions. Other passions. However, this one would never fade from his life. It would never die. He plucked the strings of the lute with delicacy, each note drifting into the bedroom. His children watched him in amusement from their separate beds, mesmerized at the man who plucked away at his art. Their wide-eyed expressions would have seemed excessive for anyone looking in, but in this particular city, where noble boys were known to either study Spirit tomes or train as a knight, their father was the one legend who had become the utter exception to the rule. The rule that any young boy could do anything, and that the glorious days of prestige did not only exist at the tip of a sword. For them, it existed at the frets of a lute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time his calloused fingers were tired, he stood from the chair against the back wall. One of the boys groaned, Tristan laying the instrument flat on the seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, one more, please!\u8221\'94 the kid on the left yelled dissatisfied, eyes still glued to Tristan as if he held the instrument. This boy, named Som, was the younger of the two, always rambunctious and loud. He was similar to his father in that way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t. You both have practice with Lady Metris tomorrow. Did you lot forget?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Som groaned again, twisting his face in disappointment. The other boy laid in his own cot under linen blankets, quiet and absent-minded. He emitted a subtle smile, as if dreaming about performing in front of an Altreyan crowd, gold coins flying in his direction. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw,\u8221\'94 Som\u8217\'92s voice went quiet. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t afford one more?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tristan sighed, shifting his gaze to his other son. He never expected for them to love the lute as much as he did, but night meant sleep, and his eyes were already a bit swollen from a lack of it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you think, Leon? Should I do another one?\u8221\'94 The quiet boy didn\u8217\'92t respond, almost delirious in his daydreams. Tristan chuckled, moving over to the candles around the room, which he blew out with a faint puff. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I thought. Now go to sleep, boys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The younger boy fumbled with the blanket in a fit, the folds stuck in between his feet. With an exasperated pull, he hid his head under the covers, his voice muffled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You always listen to Leon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The last candle was blown out, smoke trails crowding the ceiling, and the only light left in the quarters was the hazy beam of the moon. So Tristan sauntered by, passing through the moonlight, its rays casting light upon motes of dust, and stopped in front of Leon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cot, his gaze unaware as a whooping cough cracked the silence. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 Tristan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My boy,\u8221\'94 he settled his hand on top of his son\u8217\'92s forehead. Leon flinched. \u8220\'93Are you okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gulped, staring up at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Father. I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94 Another cough rung from him. Leon waited there in thought as he cleared his throat of phlegm. This boy was similar to Tristan in that way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  always lost in his thoughts. Each of them naturally inherited something from him. After all, they were his children. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t wait to be a bard like you someday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The prime worry of his son\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s health melting away and his mind on the lute now, Tristan chuckled again, a smile radiating from his weary face. His boys always did that to him. \u8220\'93I know you will be better than me. Altreya needs good bards to show them what they lack. You\u8217\'92ll be one of them, right?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy nodded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you will have all of your dreams tonight to practice.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tristan felt his own thought whoosh by. The man scratched the scruff of his beard, muttering to himself, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hm, I\u8217\'92ll be busy for a while though.\u8221\'94 After a second of contemplation, he focused back on his child. \u8220\'93How about I show you a new chord or two in a couple of days, aye?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, really. Your mother should come tomorrow to take care of you. She knows you\u8217\'92re sick. When I come back, I\u8217\'92ll let you play around with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most children around his age would jump in excitement at such a remark, but not this peculiar one. The boy reached out, holding his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand with a feeble touch. \u8220\'93Thank you,\u8221\'94 he whispered. Tristan reciprocated the gesture by tightening his grip on Leon\u8217\'92s hand in tiny pulses. He lifted the blanket up to the boy\u8217\'92s chin and headed to his other son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Som remained hidden in the comfort of the sheets. Tristan crossed his arms, clearing his throat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take the blanket off your face. I want to wish you a well night.\u8221\'94 The boy did not respond. Tristan pinched the edge of the blanket and pulled it away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 Som failed to grab the sheets, now exposed, curling up into a tight ball that made his short, brown locks poke out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on. Are you really going to be upset at everything that doesn\u8217\'92t go your way?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy muffled, his voice almost silent. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 Tristan really didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t, as his children were given everything they wanted\u8230\'85 and more. It was never enough.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  After waiting, the man gave up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine.\u8221\'94 He dropped the blanket onto the bed, but the child did not dare to move. His pride wouldn\u8217\'92t allow him. The father, in his own dismissive behavior, stopped at the ledged door, his footsteps strident, scratching his forehead as if a thought could not leave him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Releasing it into the air, he responded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What has your mother fed into your head, huh? I know I\u8217\'92m not perfect\u8230\'85 but fix your attitude or I won\u8217\'92t play you music ever again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hear me?\u8221\'94 Tristan did not turn around to repeat his sentiment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence again. He understood the message.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sleep, boys. You don\u8217\'92t want to upset Lady Metris. I\u8217\'92ll see you tomorrow.\u8221\'94 And with that, Tristan headed out of their quarters, performing his normal night routine. The door bolt sliding to the right, he wrapped the lock in a rugged chain, an iron padlock linking both ends together. Since the boys could not sleep well under purple-fire lanterns, he had begun to lock their doors as a precaution against the wilds where the Scourges slept. He planned, like he did every day, to wake up before them, when the sun had started to peak over the horizon, and unlock it. The Bellingers were never too safe, he always told himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He began extinguishing the hearth, pouring a hanging bucket of water across the ashes. The candles were all blown out, his breath waning after every subsequent one. He paced to the window, rain droplets catching on its surface, which faced the main street of the city, and blew out the last candle, the only light except for the moon fading out of existence. It was only then when he noticed something strange\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a wretched blue script stuck to the glass. Behind the blood inscription, a dark figure loomed, gazing right through the window to where Tristan stood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His appearance drained of color, a pale, ghost-white washing over his visage. He peered at the figure, observing it further. It couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possibly be staring at him\u8230\'85 right? But no, the figure\u8217\'92s intent could be sensed through the window, to the moonlit face of the Bellinger. On top of the shadowy silhouette, crooked sticks protruded out, and dotted on its face, or where its face should be, glowed more of those bright Spirit hunter scripts. He gulped, a million thoughts racing through his head. Checking his children\u8217\'92s door, it was locked as before. He didn\u8217\'92t need to worry about them. But a slight reminder, a memory actually, echoed through the theater of his mind. From his other passions. His interest group had spoken about the myth of the Spirit hunter who stalked prey in the night, waiting for any opportunity to strike at them. The crooked sticks\u8230\'85 like the antlers of an elk. Any bard believed the stories they were told. Right then, his neck pulsating from the deep }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thumps}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in his veins, he knew who this figure was. Who was stalking him. His name was Elkskull.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His legs stiffened. Stepping backwards, his gaze fixated on the haunting figure, afraid it would disappear before his eyes, leaving his family all in danger. If he looked away, they all would\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He bumped into a stack of books on the ground. The Spirit tomes tumbled. They crashed on top of one another. He peered at them, which detailed the importance of keeping Spirit pure. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t prepared for something like this. The silhouette of Elkskull, white dots replacing where the eyes should be, waited patiently. His own patience faltering. There had to be something.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to give up a bard\u8217\'92s duty back then. It wasn\u8217\'92t his fault. As the natural interests of the city changed, he had to adapt. The pouch of gold he received every day felt lighter\u8230\'85 and lighter. Inns had been overrun by, most of all, Spirit hunters, and their services dwindled in the eyes of the rebelling public. He had to change. So\u8230\'85 he did. His mind finally focused on a singular thought. An undying one. He hadn\u8217\'92t used a sword in a while. His idea needed one. It wasn\u8217\'92t wise to dawdle around when the monster was so close to his children. He had to face it straight on, as if his life depended on it. And the stories about his glory\u8230\'85 it was time his life needed one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a quick bolt, the pressure of the stalker getting to him, he threw open a rusted coffer and inspected the dull, tarnished blade of a familiar shortsword and its scabbard. Latching it onto his side, he felt younger already. Though his father was a failed warrior, he knew he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be. Great stories of glory never ended with failure. With the lineage sword at his hip, he swung the door open against the blasting gales of a thunderstorm, pulling the sword out, shaky at his grasp, and spilled out onto the front of the rowhouse. Nothing. His eyes widened up, body drenched in the rain. Elkskull was gone. He looked around, frantic in his motions. Mud glued itself onto his boots as he struggled through the mushy dirt. No footsteps could be found either except for his own. Before his panic rose to an unreachable height, he found clues apparent on the dirt. More glowing blue scripts. And, like paw prints, they dotted their way to the archway that signaled the end of the city and the start of the forest wilds. They glowed with unseen intensity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if bard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s greed infected his mind with gold, he trudged through the mire of the street, almost running. He couldn\u8217\'92t afford any failure in this journey, including losing track of Elkskull. If the myth was true, and the enigma knew where he lived, they would have been dead by sunrise. He arrived at the large archway. The portcullis lowered, its spikes were sunken under piles of sludge. He rapped at the stone walls in desperation, yelling for the crew of the gatehouse. \u8220\'93Guards! Guards! Open the gate! Open the damn gates!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A gatekeeper stuck his head out of a slit, spotting the man with his sodden noble garbs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell are you doing up, sir? Head back home! It\u8217\'92s pouring!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He banged the wall one last time with the pommel of the sword, staring up with vindictive eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name\u8230\'85 is Tristan Bellinger! Husband of Hayra Bellinger, daughter of the Spirit Lord! Open the gates now! I demand you! Please\u8230\'85!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 God. What am I doing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gatekeeper headed inside. The use of his title washed a feint discomfort on him, but it must have worked as the portcullis now rose, iron creaking from rust. The city of Altreya opening to the cruel world. Out of ignorance, he flailed his sword around while he ran, passing right through the archway and towards the mountainside Wyth Forest. Blue scripts guided him further, deviating his path from the Road of Rednin into the woods.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sprinted until his legs buckled. The flora of the forest dense and almost impenetrable, bushes and high trees surrounded him, its thick, gnarled bark standing like watchful guardians. He tripped, his torso crunching down on dead, dry leaves. He grabbed the dry pieces, examining his wet clothing in return. Curious. In fact, he stared up to where he expected revengeful clouds and instead saw a thick leaf canopy. Drops of rain thudded against the canopy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surface but none fell inside. Strange. And in the rush of finding the infamous Elkskull, he did not realize how dark it had become. How lonesome. No wonder the travelers who got lost here had bestowed it the moniker the \u8220\'93Shadowlands.\u8221\'94 Only shadows accompanied him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing up, he noticed the path of scripts, which shone in the darkness, ended. The last one on the forest floor was even more potent. His knuckles ashen white on the sword, he pivoted, one step at a time, and scanned the woodlands where only rays of moonlight could illuminate his way. Where could this Elkskull be? Did he follow the wrong path?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 Tristan yelped. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His footwork sporadic. His eyes darting back and forth into an abyss he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t prepared for. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One hand gripped the other, clutching the handle.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 What was this? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He yelled again into the lone air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come fight me now! Don\u8217\'92t be a coward! You\u8230\'85 you brought me all the way out here, huh? What do you want with me?!\u8221\'94 His cries turned desperate. His tone shrill. \u8220\'93Please. Listen to me. I\u8217\'92m only a humble bard. I don\u8217\'92t know what you want with me. I didn\u8217\'92t even know you existed!\u8221\'94 He began doubting himself. He wasn\u8217\'92t a warrior. He was a bard who disgraced his art by heading towards dangerous work instead of doing the thing he loved. The conservation movement of Spirit got to him. His life wasn\u8217\'92t fulfilling. It never was with his newfound position. No. He was happier with a lute in his hands, singing away, ale and gold flying and drowning him in glory. Why did he not drown in it? Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Did the threat even exist? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 Did he really follow a false path, possibly made by rebel Spirit hunters practicing their forbidden art at the start of the night}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ? Maybe he imagined it all. The stress. The work. The money. The children. Was it all getting to his head? The sword trembling in his grasp, right when he almost convinced himself of his own }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 spurted}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  lies, he heard something drop behind him. Whirling around, the nape of the neck aware of every tiny sensation, a branch had collided onto the brush. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the myth. A smirk. He must have gone crazy in the delirium of his thoughts. Exhaling pure life essence in relief, his grip loosening on his father\u8217\'92s sword, he fell silent, watching the dark vignette of the world closing in. In the corner of his vision, however, like a flash of an eye, a silver sword, clean as mirror glass, emerged from the right. It glinted in the one ray of moonlight. The sword, level with Tristan\u8217\'92s neck, wasted no time. It graced his jugular vein with the slightest pressure. All that could be heard was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Slice}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tristan thudded wayside, sprawling on the ground, clamping down on his neck where blood gushed out. Like a rain gutter. He cried, blood spurting onto his clothes and palms. A bubbling sensation crawled up his throat, an iron taste inundating his mouth. He felt the life drain out of him. Unable to breath as his lungs rejected the air, he peered up at what would be his last memory. Elkskull loomed. No wonder they called him that name. He wore the skull of an elk over his head, and speckled on the ivory-bone were blue scripts, which glowed with the most intensity Tristan had ever seen. He towered over the fallen man. His suit, made from an amalgamation of individual leaves, rustled in the crying wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Elkskull sauntered over the soon carcass, every step crunching down on brittle foliage. The silver sword dripping with the remnants of the father. Silent. Unbothered. The sign of a true reaper of death. He peered right into the eyes of Tristan, which remained paused in fear. The man could not move. He could only feel his eyes blinking slower and slower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Watching the tremors of his prey, Elkskull knelt down, pulling out a glass vial from his side. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tristan,\u8221\'94 he shushed him, easing him flat to the surface with a gentle push. He could only oblige. The Bellinger could see the leaf canopy as if it was the sky. Elkskull removed the man\u8217\'92s hand from the wound, blood streaming out, witnessing the wide gash at his neck. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s painful. I know. Don\u8217\'92t worry. It\u8217\'92s over now. You can sleep.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One last thought infected Tristan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. He couldn\u8217\'92t help it. \u8220\'93Leon\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that your son?\u8221\'94 he leaned the glass vial against his neck, filling it up with the life essence of man. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 The skull of the enigma tilted down. \u8220\'93My father died too when I was young. But I would not worry. I\u8217\'92m sure they will thrive without you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spirit was running out. It seeped into the soil. His blood would be the foundation of new life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  weeds and flowers could grow here. Tangle the forest with their very being, weaving into the environment as a whole, for an elk to stumble upon and eat, which his children would in turn feast upon in their noble lives. At least he could leave a part of him with them, even if it was a single drop of }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 blood}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . (maybe change blood with spirit?) And then, after a final breath which mimicked the breeze of the woodland, he fell silent. Unbothered. Tristan Bellinger was no more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 (too quick of a transition)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun rose from its slumber. It poked above the horizon, its rays filling up the world with almost holy light. A young man, holding an elk skull in one hand, walked along the outskirts of the Wyth Forest, reaching the Road of Rednin. His almost white but blond locks}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4  short on his scalp}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , he sighed and marched forwards. He knew that he would find the missing poster shortly, for he had seen in his mind. Deep in his collected, twisted mind, where time manipulated and almost tortured him, Aley had seen the death of Tristan Bellinger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}