{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 And back to the outline again. Remember when I said this was going to be a functional approach geared towards writing a story? I meant it.\
Look at each scene of your outline. By this point if you only have sections or acts, you should pencil in a rough scene progression. For each scene, write down the overall activity taking place, one or two sentences should do it. Now go back to your character pages. Take a look at the skillset required, and go back to your outline and add a sentence or two (or more if you need it) describing in more detail what these characters would be doing. It's a little complicated, so here's an example: Say you have a scene in which a musician is rehearsing for a concert later on in the novel. Your scene notes might look like this.\
// Sascha and the gang rehearse for Horrorfest.\
In which case you would go back to your skillset grouping and check the related skills, then go back to the outline and add a couple sentences.\
// Sascha and the gang rehearse for Horrorfest. Sascha is doing a sound check while Steve tunes up his bass. Jules has the set list in front of him and is making some tweaks.\
Because we often write what we know, what appeals to us, a lot of this will involve going over information we already know. However, again, you might find you're writing a science fiction novel about robots and what you know about robotics would fit on a thimble. This helps guide your research so that you don't get sidetracked and fleshes out your novel at the same time.\cell \lastrow\row}