{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Check your scope again. Do you need to go further out? Further in? (We'll start with further in.) If you need to go further in, now is where you want to do it. You have a pretty good starting point for the world you're creating so far, now take a bit and read your notes and your outline. What areas seem a little thin? You can expand in all sorts of ways, you can put in more side characters, friends, co-workers, fellow hobbyists, fellow faction members, people who share one category or another with both your protagonists and antagonists. You can include more setting description, you can stretch out the travel time to either give your characters more introspection or more setting description or both.\
\
If you need to go further out, expand your scope, you'll need more character profiles. You'll need more locations, and you'll need a purpose for every extra detail you add. This will likely involve more poking at your outline than your world notes. If there are points you feel you need to make but haven't been, details in your world bible you want to flesh out but don't have room for in your outline, character aspects or dilemmas you want to explore more closely, or global ramifications to character actions. First, expand your outline. Then go through each section of your world bible so far, point for point, and expand your section accordingly. Geography, socio/economic data, factions, skillsets, etc.\
\
One thing I would be very careful about doing at this point, although it's not directly related to the process of world-building, is I would be very careful about adding another sub-plot to your outline. If you do that, you'll have to go back from the beginning and make sure all of these questions are answered for all the new locations and characters you'll be meeting, and it'll be labor intensive and possibly throw a lot of things out of whack. If you think you're going to do that, though, here would be a good place to do it. }