{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Go back to your Culture section, and have a look at the categories you've created. Then have a look at your list of skillsets. With a little luck and maybe a little fudging, almost all skillsets should also fit into a 'culture' sub-section. You might have to add one or two, depending on how specific you went initially.\
Under each sub-section, for each skillset, write a three to five sentence paragraph describing it in the progression from novice to mastery. Add another couple of sentences describing the social weight, positive or negative, attached to the skill grouping. Finally, determine how common or rare the skillset is. For example:\
Culture --> Crafts --> Pottery. Here goes a description of the progression of a potter, from where they might take classes and learn the skill to what they might be able to do once they master the skill. Followed by a couple of sentences describing what people in the setting or settings would think of a potter. Followed by how common skilled potters are in this world.\
Culture --> Sports --> Pod racer. Here goes a description of the progression of a pod racer, from how one learns to drive a pod to what the life of a famous pod racer might be like. Followed by a couple of sentences describing how they're viewed by the public, followed by how common skilled racers are.\
Culture --> Finance --> Corporate lawyer. You get the picture.\
If you find yourself coming up with other skillsets, or something that just doesn't fit, by all means, add it in as well. Keep in mind that we're looking at culture in an anthropological sense, which is commonly and originally defined as what people do in a society. This involves knowledge, beliefs, customs, habits, laws, practices, rituals, expectations, hobbies, products, foods, transactions... many, many things. If you're not doing it for your immediate survival (eating because you're hungry, sleeping because you're tired) chances are it has some culture attached to it. Right now we're just taking skill groupings and describing them in the context of a larger culture because it's easier to approach describing it piece by piece.\cell \lastrow\row}