{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Check your resources section for economic classes you've outlined. You should have a designation such as "upper/middle/lower" or "working/ business/leisure", or you might have made up words in your first economics exercise. Whatever terms you use you should have a less-to-more scale of economic classes as you flip through the resources section of your binder. Take a pile of scratch paper and copy over each class or designation or term onto its own paper, because you'll be doing a lot of scribbling before this gets organized.\
Find the occupations or other source of income for character in each class, and sort them. Use that as a jumping off point to jot down five or six other vocations in each economic class. These jobs might never appear in your work, but it gives you a more rounded idea of the sort of people who enjoy that level of economic wealth. Include volunteer or part-time positions if you want. For example, a person considered middle class in this world might work as a drop-ship maintenance engineer, a teacher at a government funded school, or a lab technician. Volunteers at the soup kitchen in this district of the city tend to be of this economic class, whereas clinic doctors tend to be of this other economic class.\
This would be easier if we had transparencies that we could overlap, but since we can't we'll make do. Look at your list of occupations, vocations, and professions, then consider how many social classes there are in your nascent world. Go back to your binder and below each paragraph detailing the resources available in each economic class, write another 3-7 sentences paragraph describing who the people in these economic classes are and what they do.\
Remember that while economic classes are more or less rigidly defined by earning power, cost of living, and other concrete factors, social class is more fudgable. Someone with title or an old family name might be very poor and trade on the sympathy of their title or name, while someone who is wealthy but has only been wealthy for a generation or less might have a different set of manners than otherwise. Add a third paragraph, 3-7 sentences, describing the hobbies, lifestyle, mannerisms, and noteworthy details about the lifestyle of each group. In other words, put the socio- onto socio-economic class.\cell \lastrow\row}