{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 On a piece of scratch paper, go through your character section for each character and list off every person, place, or event that had a strong influence on your main characters both protagonist and antagonist. You might even want to separate them that way, as persons, places, or events. This will require a lot of cross-checking all over the place, so definitely use scratch paper. With each influence, add in a couple of sentences explaining how and why.\
\
When you're done with this you'll need to do two things, not necessarily in this order. You'll need to summarize these influences on your character in a brief biography. Make it about a page or two, and start from the earliest point in your character's history you can think of, tracing the events in his or her life from inception to the start of the novel. Remember to add in details like where they learned their profession, when they picked up their hobbies, when they met their friends. Mark off notes in your timeline when specific events happened in your character's past, and this will also help you refresh on what kind of events your character might have been reacting to.\
\
The second thing you'll need to do is go back over these persons and places and shuffle them into your character and setting sections, respectively, if they're not already in there. Flesh out each person influence with at a minimum a seven or so sentence paragraph on how they have interacted with the character you were working on. You can also go back and do most to all of the character exercises in this Leviathan. Then do the same for the places. You might want to locate them on the map or they might already be there, in which case you might want to add in a few more lines of description. }