{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko is a police officer that hunts down Spirit Hunters}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko is summoned to the Ten, where the council give him the task to teach their spirit hunters how to revive the dead in order to have a significant advantage in war. He is one of the only known Spirit Hunters that know how to do it. The others are already dead. Most of the were eaten by their own creations. He doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to do it as it goes against his morals, but he is forced to once his family is in danger. He has already worked with the government, and it sent him down a dark path.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko talks to his wife, where they both decide it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s best for them to run. They pack and run off in the middle of the night. Niko guides them into a forest where he places a beacon that wards off Scourges from the site. He goes into the city of Altreya to pick up resources.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sees a dead child in the street, ripped of clothing and money. He follows some guards, which are trying to put out a fire. A young man is sitting in front of the house with a creature next to him. Niko immediately notices that creature was created through the spell. He approaches and talks with him.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko buys the young man, known now as Aley, something to drink and pays for lodging. Niko asks him about the creature, and after seeing a vision in time, knowing he has to tell him for some reason, Aley tells him that the creature with him is his mother, created by his Spirit Hunter father. After telling Niko his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name, Niko is struck with fear and runs away. We do not know yet that Niko and Fren were part of a group that discovered the spell to return life essence to the dead as a government experiment. Aley smells the scent of the family he had just slaughtered.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko returns to the forest with the supplies. He finds his wife and child dead, their necks slit. Even though his heart hurts and he cannot fathom their deaths, he buries them in the forest. With all the regret he has, knowing that he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a desire to live, he decides he wants to write down the ritual for the forbidden spell and kill himself. }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 8.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 9.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A}}