{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This may seem complicated, but it really isn't. Go back to your outline. Look at all the scenes or, if you don't have it scene-by-scene yet, all of the acts, or the general progression. Write down five items of technology you will need for each section, whether it's a Simple Machine or a cell phone or even something in the background that may never be referred to in the text itself. Knowing it's there will help set the scene for you. You can duplicate items if a character's cell phone, chemical camera, or Antykitherian device becomes a plot point, as long as you have those items of technology for each section.\
Overall, this should give you an idea of how technologically advanced 
\i and oriented
\i0  your society is. Some societies place more of an emphasis on technology than others. And, looking back at your scope description, you might go through a couple different attitudes. Your item list should reflect that.\
There are a number of ways to rate the level of technology available to and pervasive within a society, and you can pick one of those if you like. You can also just have a general idea how advanced your society is from the items you've chosen. However you do it, write at least two paragraphs describing the level of technology in your world. Write at least five if your scope is vast. No more than 1 1/2 pages of material, but you should have a sufficient description of how advanced technology is that someone reading it over can have an idea of what your world looks like in that way. File this in a separate section of your binder or under a separate word document, Resources.\cell \lastrow\row
}