{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 I put this section a little distance from the exercise where you create your factions, players, and sides, because I wanted you to get a bit of distance from it. Now we're going to go back to it and flesh it out a little more.\
Everything you write that involves more than two or three "moving pieces," i.e. people or cohesive groups of people who want a thing and take steps towards that, your work will get a little more complicated. Two people in a work who each want something is a potential conflict. Three is a potential cyclical conflict, and four is a potential pooch-screw. And so on and so forth until you have political dramas where everyone is backstabbing everyone else and you need a chart with string in three dimensions to keep track of who's doing what to whom at what time.\
If you didn't flesh out your factions earlier, now is the time to do so. Expand each part, motivations and resources and membership qualifications and so on, till each one is at least two or three sentences in and of itself. If you did, pull out your outline and compare your faction list with what your outline looks like. Which groups will you be spending more time with? Which groups are just background players? More complicated, which groups appear only in the background of maybe two scenes but also perform actions that echo throughout the work? One author wrote a scene in the third book of his series where the main character lives through an event that comes back to bite him in the ass in books five, six, and seven, and that's just where I can think of the connection off the top of my head. Two characters who got maybe a line reference in that scene returned in book seven in a major way. It's much more helpful to plan things like that instead of trusting that later you can go back and insert them, or trusting that the story will spontaneously generate hidden shadowy figures of conspiracy as necessary.\
Make notes on your outline where your factions appear and their goals and influence is significant. If you have a chapter that's mostly a shopping trip designed for a bit of character background and for the character and her best friend to deal with a recent death of a third friend, probably your faction chart isn't going to figure into it. If you have a grand conclave wherein many parties are going to hammer out a treaty, you want to keep track of who's trying to move what pieces where. Again, all your faction notes go in "Settings."\
Lastly, go through your character sheets and add in a sentence to a paragraph's worth of text, depending on the importance, of detail about any groups these characters might be involved in. Just so you have that information in the one place, too. Also review your character's relationship with the faction: is their membership obligatory because they were born to the Tudors or the Capulets? Does their membership in the League of Pog Collectors mean they can't have a monogamous relationship with someone of the same or opposite sex? Or, more likely, does no one in the LPC care? Or is the LPC a small group of five people in a restaurant somewhere and they only care because the group is so small that everyone knows everyone else's business? \cell \lastrow\row}