{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Only a few major world-building processes left! You can do it! Go back to your scope and look at it, and check it against your outline. We're going to address some more stuff that will (in most cases) remain in the background, but nonetheless will be important in your world.\
\
If your scope is large enough, you'll be dealing with one or several nations. Collections of land and people who have agreed to be united by a name, a line on a map, and perhaps most importantly (certainly most relevant to our exercise) a system of rules by which everyone agrees to abide, and a collection of people who draw them up and enforce them. Note that I did not say the collection of people, i.e. the government, is agreed upon by the people who are governed. That's not always the case.\
\
Have a look at your scope, your outline, and your geography. How many countries will you need to make up? Have a look at all your materials, which is why we save this one for last, and see what you've built up around the story you want to tell. Are there a lot of characters with professions in caregiving or teaching? Are there a lot of soldiers? Is this a well organized land or a land in chaos with everything falling apart? A lot of these things have already been decided, when you were deciding what normal life experiences were and how difficult it was for your protagonists (or antagonists) to obtain some things. Re-read these notes and see what they point to, and then answer the following questions in a page or so of description:\
\
What services are provided by the government? What taxes, tolls, and fees are exacted? How much control does the government have over the population, and how much does the population have over the government? How is it structured to perpetuate itself? To limit itself? How does the population see the government, and how aware are they that different forms of government exist? How aware are they of how the government functions, and what its role is and restrictions are according to the existing laws? What questions haven't you answered that you should be asking? Because I know I haven't covered them all here.\
\
You'll need to do this for every nation you have. You may do this for all the nations you have ideas for, but the point of making this geared towards the outline is that you don't do more work than you need to for the purposes of your work. Splashing around in the creative pools of world-building is for after. It might also help to familiarize or re-familiarize yourselves with the general types of government: republic, democracy, aristocracy, etc. Communism, the social contract. Most of these are short reading. And a tour of most wiki sites on dictators should, if you can stomach it, give you a brief overview of how such governments are run. }