{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Unless your novel is very, 
\i very
\i0  self-contained (think No Exit), you'll need to have certain information about your main characters. Take your original paragraph about your protagonists and copy it to the top of a fresh page. For each of these write a short 3-5 sentence paragraph: Technology/technological knowledge available, which can be anything from the simple machines to AIs and robotics. Economic/social class, what resources does the character have access to and what resources does the character go through on a regular basis? Magic abilities or mundane skillset, which may or may not be job related; what kinds of skills and abilities does the character use or think about on a regular basis? Culture and hobbies, what does the character do during off-hours? Classifications, whatever points of diversity you determined above. And finally, vital statistics. Height, weight and build, coloration and physical description, health, age.\
By the time you're done with each of these paragraphs, make a shorthand list for each category. One or two word summaries of the items in each category. Some of them you'll be able to cluster, depending on the characters involved, others will be more disparate. Either way, these are all areas you have now established as being in your world, genders, activities, skills, and resources. Put these in your characters section, and keep in mind that we'll be referring back to the lists and descriptions later.\cell \lastrow\row}