{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 As with before, you need to take a look at how many people you'll be showing your reader, and adjust proportionally. Go back to your outline and scribble in the margins the number of people who have speaking roles in each scene. If you're not down to scene by scene yet, ballpark it.\
Diversity means a lot of different things. There's racial diversity, gender diversity, and ability diversity, just to start with the things that can be easily seen. There's also sexual orientation, social or economic class, religion, and so on and so forth. Pick five points of diversity to consider when making the demographics of your characters, and group all the speaking parts into those categories. Try to make these points of diversity relevant to your outline, although some of it will be background information that's never outright stated in the text. Be sure to consider that some categories will have a 'null' field, for example, if a person doesn't own a home or reside in any one place and therefore cannot be a resident of District anything.\
Make categories for each of these points of diversity, record three to five sentences describing each one. For example, in this world 
\i there are various species of sentient beings,
\i0  with 'sentient beings' as the overall category. 
\i Humans are the dominant category, followed by the fae, Hellhounds, and ghosts. Some other types of creatures such as shades and pixies are of controversial origin, and may be a subspecies of humans or fae, respectively.
\i0  In X city there are two types of people, the people who live in the city proper, and the people who live in the suburbs but consider themselves as being from the city. In this country the dominant religion is Pastafarianism, but other religions include Discordianism, the Church of the Sub-Genius, and the worshippers of Cthulhu. In this story you have fifty two folk with Stars Upon Thars and thirty-seven plain-bellies.\
This, too, goes under culture. And if you find that some of your categories aren't relevant to your outline later on in the writing process, feel free to add some. Don't remove any unless it's to change the nature of the category, because that can always serve as fodder for later stories.\cell \lastrow\row
}