{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Go back to your outline and your scope description. For this, you'll need at least a blank sheet of paper; at most you might want a CAD program like Campaign Cartographer. We're going to be making a map.\
Start with your origin point in the first scene. Keeping in mind the scope of your work, sketch out the next few locations with respect to the first location. If you're writing a trek across the known world, this might turn out to be a series of the first few towns or landmarks. If all the action is taking place in a city, it might be a handful of businesses within a few blocks of each other. Your map will not be a specific predictable size, and it doesn't need to be to scale. As long as you have the relative positions of every location to all the others, and a scribbled-down idea of the distance, you'll be all right.\
Now go back to your outline and your character sheets. Both of these will provide secondary locations for you to map out, in references to places and the distance between where the characters are and where these places are. You might also come up with a name that is totally that town over there, or the perfect name for this blues bar, or whatever, go ahead and stick that in there! Eventually in your work you'll find you have a character who's rattling off names of places to have dinner, and that's when things like this will come in handy.\
All of this comes under "Settings." If you're using a CAD program, make some printouts. If you're just sketching it out (and don't forget to include distances or a scale bar at the very least!) you might want to make some copies or scan it in so you have it backed up somewhere. You might also find it helpful to copy and laminate, or blow up and laminate, another copy if you're one of those people who uses whiteboards or corkboards to plan things.\cell \lastrow\row}