{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 PalatinoLinotype-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red126\green116\blue16;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Barge, an unregulated Altreyan inn, bustled with uneasy energy. A locale for the filth of the city. The sort for cutthroats and corruption. The guards ignored it any way they could. No one wanted to affect the flow of gold if it flowed into their pockets. And so it did, as a woman sitting on a barstool, focusing on a cold pitcher of ale, twirled a gold coin around her fingers. Clockwork. When she finally heard the back door open, a rusted creak muffled within the racket, she pressed the coin down onto the hardwood countertop with her thumb, sliding it to the other edge where the innkeeper wiped down kegs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You leaving?\u8221\'94 he said in heaving efforts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Turning around, she spotted the man she knew as Niko nervously palming one of his Kurasei sticks. Hair down to the veins in his neck, donning black garbs with a clipped cape, the man shifted through the crowd, navigating through the tight spaces in between tables. Tables filled with gatherings, booze, illegal card games. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t impressed at the image of him. \u8220\'93Yeah. I\u8217\'92ll be back tomorrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, sweetheart. I\u8217\'92ll be here, as usual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hopped off the stool, moving her gilded hand to her back, where a knife hid inside a horizontal sheath connected to her belt. As Niko arrived at the exit of the inn, the woman was on his trail, hovering her hand over the sheathed weapon. Niko twisted the door open, sinking down the steps onto the crowd below. Outside\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dark orange glow illuminated the place. Night would soon fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She never forgot the day it was. The 5th of Wern. A popular time for Altreyans. The streets clogged up with folk buying goods at the local markets, trinkets and the sorts, she almost lost him in the thick of it all. Trotting down the stairs behind him, she noticed he was headed west\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  towards the outskirts. She also noticed a small detail: two extra weapons were attached to his weapons belt. Knives. Like hers. She shook off the confusing thought and kept going. He occasionally paused to view wares, even buying a simple object, and the woman hid within plain sight, eyeing these magnetic steel orbs at an adjacent market stall. She thought that buying some conceal her cover more,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . She would be paid for this ordeal anyway. Passing a quick couple of coins to the seller, she peered over at where Niko was, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 (something distracts her and he leaves) He was gone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Panicked, she scanned the faces in the crowd. The black garbs were nowhere to be seen. All she spotted was green, brown, gray. The cool colors of the city. Nevertheless, she knew she would find him. Heading towards the outskirts as before, her once steady gait picked up, stashing the metallic orbs in her pockets. She scanned more faces. All the ordinary. However, it was her lucky day as the street sloped down with a gentle decline, the apex of the road a vantage point towards the ends of the city. Cobbled rowhouses lined the sides of the street, purple-fire lanterns hanging from the outer walls. Far in her sight, the archway that led to the strange outside of the city stood rugged against the outer wilds of the Wyth Forest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And right there, as she peered over the people, she found the black-garbed man, turning right into an alleyway. Sprinting to her found target, she weaved through the masses like a needle through silk. Every step graceful. Every movement calculated, except\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 when a laughing woman, unaware of the bolting assassin, took a step backwards at the wrong moment. They both collided, sprawling onto the ground. A metallic screech. The assassin, shaking with anger, wiped away at her bloody cut lip, her tooth an inch away from chipping. She watched the other woman begin to cry, her dress dripping with the drink she held moments before as two others helped her up. A tall man, red-headed, offered a hand to the assassin. She took it, hoisting herself up, and before he had a chance to apologize for his drunk friend, she pushed him out the way, staggering across the street to the dark alleyway a few blocks ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Compared to the bustling roads, this alley was nice. However, the space felt tight. Claustrophobic. Her breathing quickened as it seemed there would be no easy escape, and Niko faced her, holding the twin sticks of the Kurasei in each gloved hand. He was right where she wanted him though\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 isolated and vulnerable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A cold breath fogged in the air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94 he spoke. \u8220\'93Why are you following me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 No talking. Get this thing over with. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She reached for the knife at her back. A subtle gesture. Air replaced where the handle should have been. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 What?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Fidgeting with the empty sheath, her already nervous breath turned into a panic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t talk? Fine.\u8221\'94 Niko smashed the two ends of his weapon together, a quick spark bathing the alley with blue light. The two sticks morphed into a quarterstaff, the middle glowing with the cool color as both sticks mended. He tightened his grip on the staff, the weapon diagonal across his body, shoulders level and feet planted onto the packed dirt below. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Run now. Don\u8217\'92t make do this.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She screamed, a high-pitched battle cry ringing out, dashing right towards the man. He sighed, readying his stance for an Oberhau. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what I meant.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she sprinted, she looked for anything of use in the area. The walls that crowded them were too far away to use as a platform to jump from. She was too far away herself to use the dirt in the road to cloud his vision. No. She needed something. Anything. He could not live for much longer. She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allow it. But right then, she remembered the metallic orbs she had bought from the stall. She had no choice. Without a second thought, she removed the orbs from her pockets while in her all-out sprint, throwing one of them against his adjacent wall. As he flinched, his vision ripped from concentration, the other orb flew through the air, whizzing by the quarterstaff and striking him in the face. Recoiling, he held the cut skin with his hand. She kicked his leg out, his stance faltering, elbowing him across the jaw, and climbed over the bulk of his body, a quick hand pulling out one of the knives from his belt. Before she could grab the other one, though, he rammed into her, swinging the quarterstaff around, slamming it into her abdomen and throwing her across the alley. She caught herself, stopping the momentum with her right foot, crouching down with the knife in her hand. Dead eyes stalking her imminent prey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Muttering, he stared at his already bloody hand, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By the Gods.\u8221\'94 Her breath raspy, she had to admit\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the hit to the stomach knocked the wind out of her, her eyes bulging as she recuperated her breath. \u8220\'93This will not end well for you. Run away while you still can. You seem young and talented.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one hurt, not me,\u8221\'94 she forced the words over her weighted panting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shook his head, unclipping his cape, the garment drifting to the dried soil. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are stubborn, aren\u8217\'92t you? Well then. I\u8217\'92m sorry for this.\u8221\'94 The man readied his stance one final time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her vision was unfocused\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 shaky. Like paused moments in time, the man charged at her still crouched body. She could barely process it. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Why can\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t I see him well?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 What did he hit me with? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She rummaged around the ground, finding one of the orbs she had thrown at him. With a hefty try, the orb flew again through the air, only to be deflected by the quarterstaff, the blow smashing the item inside of the wall, specks of dust puffing out. She suspected another Oberhau was readied to end her. It could not end like this, against the wicked magic she had been fighting. As a last ditch attempt, she forced herself up, the handle of the knife feeling familiar in her worn-down palms. The man did not stop. She would not stop either. She waited for him, readying the knife for a slice at the neck. However, she could not focus on anything, as if she had too many drinks at the bar. A sick nausea infected her stomach. No. Not like this. She screamed, thrusting the knife into the place she thought the man was at. She was wrong. Niko, with the quickness of a fox, disarmed the woman and hovered the staff over her head, her vision clear from the sudden adrenaline. He was inches away from ending her. But\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 he didn\u8217\'92t. The weapon hovered over her nevertheless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give up, now.\u8221\'94 His poise was relentless. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over. I don\u8217\'92t want to kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Those words were enough. Her body lethargic, she fell to her knees, the knife scattered on the ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 did you do to me? I feel nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sighed again, breaking the staff into two. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your life essence is pure. I felt it. Your body is not used to my touch. To the touch of the manipulated Spirit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Winded, she could not stare at the man. It was too shameful. She would rather stare aimless at the ground. Fishing her mind for any thoughts, her ambition did not engulf her as much as his sorcery. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m here,\u8221\'94 she whispered. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m here. Against your bloody magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he took a few steps back, watching the defeated woman speak to him those words. \u8220\'93You were there,\u8221\'94 he jumbled his thoughts together, stumbling his words. \u8220\'93You were there when I was with Hathes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 Hathes?\u8221\'94 Her eyelids drooped, sensing their utter weightiness. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he rattled off. \u8220\'93Who the hell are you? How do you know what I said?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His mind ran rampant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit. I can\u8217\'92t be here. I need to leave.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stashing the Kurasei sticks inside the belt loops, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 he sauntered away}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the woman still on the beaten ground. Her hand trembled, seeing the blurred image of the knife in front of her. She reached out, grasping the handle of the knife, clenching it with all her might. She had to wake herself up. She had to, before he was too far away from her. She could not find him again this easily, as he was aware of her existence now and had seen her face. This was supposed to be a quick job, another man cut from the hidden shadows of the Spirit hunters. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She slapped herself across the face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wake up.\u8221\'94 She slapped herself again. \u8220\'93Wake\u8230\'85 up.\u8221\'94 Another. She was desperate, more than ever. The hunger of Spirit rose, even without knowledge of the sacred art. A subtle light blue filled her veins. Not enough to notice\u8230\'85 but enough to care. She slapped herself once more, the anger turning into a rage, almost wild-like. \u8220\'93Wake\u8230\'85 UP!\u8221\'94 Her knuckles bulged from the tightness of her grip. A last, heaved effort. She threw the knife at his direction, the weapon spinning through the wind, almost cutting right through the air. All of the force she had left attached to that damn knife. All her dreams and goals manifested at the end of a sharpened blade. Niko stopped, sniffing the air, his face twisting, as if a burning stench permeated his nose. He whispered in realization, \u8220\'93Fortification\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned around, smelling the sudden burning of the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Spirit, never before touched. But before he could react, the thrown knife buried itself deep inside his ribs, inserting itself all the way inside his body. He staggered, holding himself up against the wall. He stared down at the blood oozing from the edges as he realized what had happened. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8230\'85 stabbed me. I\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 The man knelt down, the pain from his ribcage pulsating, the area numb and warm. (stick with woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pov)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As for her, while she was on the verge of fainting, it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter. As she watched the man struggle, facing the sudden shock of defeat, an instinctual chuckle came out of her mouth, morphing into quiet laughter. That smile on her face, almost radiant as if she had won a price. \u8220\'93I won\u8230\'85 He\u8217\'92s done.\u8221\'94 The blue from her veins faded, returning seemingly normal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Spirit hunter toppled over, hands flat on the ground, gloved fingers splayed. Each twitching. Droplets of blood stained the dry ground red, dripping from the wound. He panted, hair slick with sweat, eyes agape and dulled with ire. Pulling out the knife from his side, the blade thudding, the blood droplets fell faster, pooling the ground with his life essence, almost dark in coloration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even without her knife, that smile radiated a sense of satisfaction. Her deed done. Her father would be proud. After a year of bringing these men to justice, this one felt especially gratifying. Not that the kill itself satisfied her, but the man behind it did. But this one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 this one was different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His quickened breaths alerted her. Almost foaming at the mouth, Niko growled, bloodshot veins protruding from his sclera. Fingers burying themselves deep in the dirt, his frame quivered, backbone arched. He tilted his head upwards, eyeing the woman down. His eyes and veins around his face began to beam that recognizable blue light, teeth so clenched that his jaw could fold into itself. She gazed in utter horror as the blood droplets seized to fall, and the man, in a quadrupedal form, ripped huge patches of dirt out from the ground where his fingers resided as he launched himself, sprinting on all fours like a rabid animal. By the time she could process it all, it was too late. He pounced, gliding through the air, slipping the twin knife out from its sheath, and tackled her, the ground shaking from the impact. With no hesitation, her eyes scrambled from fear, the man pinned her down and stabbed her in rapid succession. The blade pierced her torso again and again, blood spurting from the flurry of gashes. All. Pure. Rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pain was excruciating. Brutal. Unspeakable. There, she writhed her body around, screaming to all the Gods for the pain to stop. And in this dark alley, as the sun took its slumber for the night, a fading, dying light, no one would hear her scream. The savagery was brutal. Too much to handle for any eighteen year old. Niko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, after a while of its rampant and random behavior, stabbed at the ground as all the anger began to seep away, tears welling up in the man\u8217\'92s glowing eyes. The blade stained with her life essence, the pure Spirit was tainted. The blue light dwindled from his eyes and veins. The stabbing motion became more controlled, slowing his flagrant movements, as the knife eventually slipped from his hand, catching itself through the bloody tip of the blade. A drop of blood trickled down from the cross-guard, seeming to disappear once dropping into that stained pool of carnage. Her breath shallow. Raspy again. Wheezing through punctured lungs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His muscles relaxed. The tears, which had accumulated enough liquid to trail down his face, must have tasted like salt-edged seas, mixed with the sour taste of her blood that spattered across the alley. His lip trembling, staring at the mess of his hands, he removed his black gloves. Ancient, aged hands, as if they were not his own, were hidden under the fabrics of those gloves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  wrinkled and frail, bone jutting out from the skin, which was dotted with dark spots. A guttural hiss emerged from her mouth, her lips twitching as if to say words which could not be formed. Or it could have come straight from her lungs. Her breathing was doomed to fail, anyway, so why should it matter? Nothing really mattered for her. But for him\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85,\u8221\'94 a silent cry left him. \u8220\'93No. No. No, no, no.\u8221\'94 He grabbed her body, placing her head on his lap with grace. The woman stared at him, still alive. Any second now, and she would\u8230\'85 her eyes began to close. \u8220\'93No, stay with me.\u8221\'94 He was desperate. With the blood on the ground, he trailed his index finger on top of it, staining his digit. \u8220\'93Come on. Come on. You can\u8217\'92t die.\u8221\'94 He drew a symbol, a simple script known to most Spirit hunters, on top of her forehead, the motions almost foreign to him. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 Drawn with vile disgust. Blood was never his thing.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  With that, he took in all the air he could find, drawing in a deep breath, focusing on the power inside him. He repeated the meaning of the script over and over again in the vacuum of his mind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94 Tears could not be controlled. They poured out of his waiting eyes, his face still and collected in irony. They ran nevertheless in anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The script, in all its glory, glowed bright blue, the light illuminating his face. Like a lantern. He laughed, almost maniacal, although he was still choked up, knowing that even through the rustiness of his skills, he was competent enough to use the Bestowal method. And with that, a shock to his body began at his heart. This feeling was all too familiar. Through the thin layers of his skin, little wisps of blue Spirit crawled out, bobbing through the air with a sort of gentleness. The center of each one wrapped onto itself, reflecting pure, crystal light, like spindle fibers. They were beautiful and benign. That was what life was supposed to represent, before humanity ripped away at itself like gnawing pests. That was the Gods\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 only intention\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  pure beauty. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wisps of Spirit, before the woman could stop breathing for good, were absorbed by the script on her forehead, her almost-closed eyelids pulsating with light flutters. Everything began to mend: the open wounds and gashes through the brown fabrics that she wore closed, wisps knitting them tight before hiding inside her body again; the pale skin and bags around her eyes that shifted into a more vivid radiance; and her hair and nails that had been newly repaired, brighter and rich with elegance. After a few minutes, at peace with his ability and the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calm breathing, he smudged the blood script with his palm, erasing their connection. Spirit, which had been lost in the air, now returned back to him, feeling a part of his life coming back. What he had left, of course. He pulled back his sleeve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the aging crawled all the way up to his elbow. Sighing, he carried her, her fainted body still. His face distorted, he muttered to her, \u8220\'93Why did you do this? You were too young. Too young. I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A grinding of dirt under leather boots. A young guard, mustache sculpted to the common city style, appeared at the dark alley, swaying sideways a chained purple-fire lantern. The shadows, and what was in between them, showed everything he needed. An indistinguishable, running figure had turned left at the end, probably behind the rows of houses. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello? What is this?\u8221\'94 He studied the scene. A cape in a bundled mess laid in front of him. He picked it up, peering at the clip that adorned it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a crescent moon. \u8220\'93A Salatharian?\u8221\'94 he questioned. But the guard, in a sudden rush, eyed what was in front of that cape and dropped it. Dried blood marked over the walls and ground, with two individual knifes encrusted with it. Running away to the main street, pulling out a small bell from his pocket, he rung it. The others would come shortly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the spaces where shadow engulfed the light, a lone, metallic orb hid. The trinkets of the 5th of Wern. What a joke.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}