{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We have a lot of terms for the ways people interact with and treat each other. Familiar, impersonal, aloof. Racist, sexist, ageist, ableist, classist. Gay panic, transphobia, misogyny, white guilt, whether positive or negative there are a lot of terms for how we feel about each other as an individual about groups. Let me repeat that last part, as an individual about groups. Once you get to know a person on a one-on-one level it's harder to piece out what part of your reactions are to the individual and what part are to a group or classification to which that individual belongs.\
\
So. There are two places where the prejudices of your work's population will come into play. The first is in the outline. Go through it, looking at all the places where people interact. Look at the people interacting and put yourself in each character's shoes. Do they share a trait with the other people in the scene? How do they feel about traits they don't share? Are these feelings, either the in-group ones or the out-group ones, strong enough to affect how that character behaves? If so, is there a term in the society for this? Is this term shared throughout all parts of the societies touched on in the novel or are there other terms? Jot down at least five and at most twenty phrases, with a couple sentences of description, based on what you find in your outline. For example: . This will go under culture.\
\
Next, go through your character sheet and look at both the feelings your characters have about other people in their lives and their similarities and differences, and the feelings your characters have about other people's perceptions of them. The questions will be similar, but you might find one or two other terms you hadn't encountered before. Add in the ones you didn't find in your outline under culture.\
\
Finally, go back and jot down in your outline a one-sentence note for each encounter in which prejudice is a factor, just to remind yourself later. (And when you're hitting those blocks, you might be glad of that note, too!) Go back to your character sheets and summarize the attitudes your character gives out and receives, with a line or two added to each influence on your character's life, how this factored into it. Leave out the ones where it wasn't a discernible factor, of course. }