{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Look at your character notes and your outline. By now you should have enough structure in it that you can pick out everyone's goals, both for the main individuals and for various groups in the story. Every person or group of persons who drives the plot should have a discernible goal or motivation. Even some of the groups or individuals who don't drive the plot but provide background color or red herrings might have a discernible goal or motivation. Note that when I say "discernible" I mean that you should know what it is and be able to tell or remember from your notes. You won't need to spell out everything in your story text itself. In fact, if you have a clear idea of your characters' motivations and you've written well enough, your audience should be able to determine the overall shape of your character's motivations by their actions and words, without you needing to state it clearly.\
For now, we'll break it into two parts. At this stage all we need to do is name the factions, the individuals or groups of characters, or even groups acting within your work as a single entity. Organizing them by general goal sometimes makes it easier to draw lines and collect people together under a single umbrella entity, but you don't necessarily have to.\
On a piece of paper under "Settings" (a new category!) write down the names of each of these groups. It can be a single name of a company or organization or it can be a descriptive phrase, such as Evil Bastards With Scythes And No Sense. Write down the names of all the characters in each faction, whether they're proper names or just descriptive. Write down a brief two to three sentence summary of the group, its goals, its resources, and its public presence (if it has one).\
At this point you can do one of two things, depending on what you feel capable of handling. You can either expand your factions to fill in some gaps, flesh out the world, or muddy the waters of your central conflict or you can leave it as is. \cell \lastrow\row
}