{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Now flesh out the templates. Give each sentence a paragraph or more worth of description. Start with infancy, how most people are born (in a hospital, in a home, in a convent?), whether or not there is a new birth ceremony such as a baptism or a name-giving, and go on from there. You should continue to have at least three or four templates unless your entire cast list is three or four people long. Even in a single city, different people will have different life experiences and different ideas of what is \'93normal\'94 for them, depending on race, class, social status, etc.\
\
If you're stuck for what kinds of points in a person's life to describe, consider the biological stages of a sentient being's life first. Get back to some very basic basics. For most sentient beings in fiction, whether mainstream or science fiction/fantasy, there are some simple biological steps shared by all sentient beings. Birth followed by a short period of infancy, then childhood for lack of a better but less obscure term. The period between developing basic motor and communication skills and the next stage, puberty and adolescence. The developing of advanced biological functions such as procreation and advanced communication, strategy, and thinking skills. In other words, teenagerhood. Then the body stops growing and for a variable length of time, you have an adult of the species. Then the beginning of the body's decay as processes function less and less well, and then death. And for each of these stages, humans and other sentient life forms generally create rituals or cultural expectations around them, to explain and assist with the transitions between one stage and the next.\
\
At the end of this exercise you should have several pages worth of an individual's journey from birth to death, three or four variations. Again, you might have more variations depending on the scope of your work, and you might have fewer. All of this goes in the culture section.}