{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 No, seriously. Outline your story.\
Because this is a functional approach, you need to have an idea of where your story is going so that you have an idea of what you need to develop. You really don't want to go off into a 20 page tangent about sewer systems in one city because you got distracted with the mapmaking program one day and by god you're going to put those sewer maps to use. At a minimum, divide your story into acts (nine acts in groups of three for epic stories, three acts with an intro and coda for mysteries, googling will help you find basic formulae for most kinds off stories). Write one to three sentences for a scene-by-scene outline, two paragraphs for an act by act outline. We'll come back and develop the outline itself later, and in the meantime we'll use it as a basis to develop the rest of the world. I mean it. You will be referring back to your outline every step of the way.\
For now, we'll go back up to the character sections (2 and 3) and cross-check that with your outline. Do you have enough characters to fill the story? Do you have some extraneous characters? On a piece of scrap paper or in the margins of your outline, make a note of every time a new character appears in your novel. Then make sure that character is represented in your protagonists or your antagonists section.\
Some characters won't be main characters. They might barely even be speaking roles. That's fine, for now just write their names or designations (Teacher, Bartender, Random Passer-By) under either the protagonist or antagonist column or, if they're filler or background scenery, make a third category for that. All you need to know now is that they exist. What your expanded cast looks like, which will already tell you how populated your world will be. There, you've learned something new about your world already!\cell \lastrow\row
}