{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More often than not, there was a greater elegance in the pursuit of death than the purpose of life. The leaf canopy shielded the forest from blue moonlight, little rays shining through the gaps. A sudden wind passed through, like a whistle tone. The blades of rootweeds fluttered in the gust. Amongst the foliage, a lone elk sauntered. Silent. Unbothered. Life essence exhaling through its breath, it bent at a flower and nipped at it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A slight rasp of metal. Blinding glints of blue shimmering from the edges of a silver sword. His steps untraceable, the light-footed boy stood at the ready, his eyes on the target. Like his father taught him\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 left foot forwards, right foot backwards. To any normal pair of eyes, this would have seemed like a normal animal. But to him, the elk glowed, a spiritual radiance gleaming off the creature\u8217\'92s fur.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A flash of the eye, and the elk tumbled, thudding wayside. Green painted with streaks of red. Silent. Unbothered. The sword dripped with the remnants of the creature, and he heaved a great sigh, the pressure of the hunt lifted from his shoulders. The boy, a fair-haired one, pressed his hands onto the soft fur and caressed it. The animal whined in pain, unable to move. A single teardrop remained stuck on the animal\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyelid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 the boy whispered, shushing the soon carcass. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over now.\u8221\'94 He removed a small glass vial from his satchel. The spiritual aura of the elk still wained, pulsating like a beating heart. Shushing the animal, he collected the still-dripping blood from the neck wound, the liquid bright with a light-blue shimmer. After stoppering it, he gazed in amusement at his blood-stained hands and the power of the vial at his fingertips. He finally did it\u8230\'85 all by himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 However, the sounds of the forest alerted him. Low-vibration hums shook the trunks of trees, swishing his hair a bit. He knew he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t alone then, so he acted quickly. As an act of mercy, he chopped the elk\u8217\'92s head off and brought it with him, the aura finally dissipating from the corpse. He scurried off into the darkness of the forest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fren waited for his son at the outskirts. A burly man, he sat on the remains of a rotting tree trunk. He checked the position of the sky-bearing moon, filling up most of the night at its apex, and he noticed it had started its eventual descent over the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Come on. Come back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The worst part of it all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the silence. The true horrors of the forest were hidden deep in its heart, away from the strolling passersby at the trails that snaked it. Animals with any proper amounts of spiritual energy lived as prey for those horrors, and the forest was only one of the locations that housed them. Though, if his son could not survive the forest, how could he survive the rest of the world? No, his return was necessary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a fleeting thought of death, something brushed his cheek. Alerted, he peered at the dark opening of the forest. That was when a bright smile appeared across his face. Blue wisps like floating embers of a dancing fire blew in his direction, following the path of the wind. Another wisp brushed him, his fingers grabbing onto one alone in the air. What followed them was his son, emerging from the shadows surrounded by a swarm of wisps, carrying the head of an elk. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did it, Father! I did it!\u8221\'94 he swung around his trophy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, you did, my son. Calm down, now. You don\u8217\'92t want to damage the skull.\u8221\'94 The boy stopped. Fren took the head away from him, watching its glassy eyes. The spot where a teardrop soaked into the fur. \u8220\'93I have to make sure. Did you harvest the blood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Father.\u8221\'94 He pulled out the flask from his satchel, the liquid still intact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fren placed the elk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head down, inspecting the flask next, careful not to drop it. It was perfect. That was all they needed. \u8220\'93Aley\u8230\'85 good boy. You did fantastic. An amazing job.\u8221\'94 (make it like he did it)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, really. Did you make sure no Scourges followed you back here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I was really careful. I even tried the footwork you taught me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright. I believe you.\u8221\'94 He tousled the boy\u8217\'92s fine hair, loose like silk threads. \u8220\'93Come on. Let\u8217\'92s go home and eat. We have much celebrating to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They marched back towards the city of Altreya, their hometown. However, something that was known to all but rarely spoken was that Spirit use was forbidden and taboo there. But Fren, as a veteran Spirit hunter, could not help himself to the powers that laid within each aura, and his son could only observe as things unraveled. Time cursed the ones who tried to play the role of the Archaic Gods\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  even he knew as much.}}