{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An obsidian necklace hung on his fingertip. Oscillating in the still, polluted air, Niko followed it with his eyes. Hypnotized. He sat beside a child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cot, waiting, the woman who had tried to kill him fast asleep in between its sheets. He had run back to safety when he heard foreign footsteps in that dark alley, the woman limp in his arms, almost cursing to the Archaic Gods why he had brought an assassin to his own home, where his older wife and child of one year slept. It was too late now. The woman had fell into a stupor, and his wife had sat across him. Smoke billowed from the meerschaum pipe in her mouth, a wolf carved on white clay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She removed the pipe from her lips and exhaled a cloudy puff of rootweeds into the air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get to the issue at hand. What do we do with her?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko kept his eyes on the necklace, dazed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nickolas. Hey,\u8221\'94 she snapped her fingers at him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His trance gone, he rubbed the sleep from his eyes. It had been a long few hours. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry. What were you saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sighed, taking another puff from the pipe. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do we do with her? She cannot stay here. I understand your guilt is killing you, but that won\u8217\'92t do it for me. From what you told me, she tried to kill you, yeah? If I was alone with her, I would have rung her neck out already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rei, stop. I appreciate your concern, but she isn\u8217\'92t the thing I\u8217\'92m worried about. It\u8217\'92s what she knows.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does she know that could possibly be bigger than your life?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands always trembled as if an ice-chilled wind ripped through him. The necklace jerked around in his grasp. Looking up at his wife, his eyes full like bearing moons, he muttered, \u8220\'93She knows about my past.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She froze. She placed her palm on top of the pipe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bowl, its fire languishing to pure ash. She grabbed the dangling necklace, dropped it onto the floor, and held his hands. They were warm to the touch. \u8220\'93Relax,\u8221\'94 she whispered. Taking in some breaths, the shadow of the cot crowded his feet. \u8220\'93Breathe. She doesn\u8217\'92t know anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does she know I was a Spirit hunter? I suspect people have been talking. I\u8217\'92m already a Salatharian in a city filled with locals. They know something\u8217\'92s up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve stopped, Niko. You have the paperwork.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Hathes\u8230\'85 he knows. What I do with him is close enough to Spirit hunting for the Three to send their people to destroy us. That\u8217\'92s what happened in Huntras. That\u8217\'92s what going to happen here in Altreya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it won\u8217\'92t. You\u8217\'92re worried sick about a girl who couldn\u8217\'92t even end ya right. If I was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 really}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  worried about this, I would have taken Ash to Rednin by now.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then, what do we do now?\u8221\'94 he stared, almost condemned from her harsh but soft words. She had a sort of ironic presence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You get the information you want from her. Quickly. And then, we\u8217\'92ll have to kill her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he interrupted. \u8220\'93Killing is not an option.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, it is. It\u8217\'92s either her or this family, Niko. If you can\u8217\'92t get your hands bloody over an assassin, what do you think is going to happen to us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He withdrew his hands from her grasp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t understand. I performed the Bestowal method on her. That is a sacred pact. I removed part of my life for her to live on, and your solution to kill her will quash all of my efforts. No. I will ask the questions, but I will not kill her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What will you do with her, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her red locks glistened in the morning light. She had that beautiful hair and the eyes of a warrior. Determined. Bending over on his chair to grab the necklace, the obsidian still intact, he knew what he would have to do.  He thought of the last time he held it. He sighed once again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll give her over to Hathes the Mercenary. No exceptions. After that, she\u8217\'92s his to deal with.\u8221\'94}}