{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red160\green29\blue72;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Yes, this is an important part of worldbuilding, too.\
The nature of your characters plus the scope of your story will determine how much of your world you'll need to build for background purposes. If you're not forcing your characters to interact all over the world, but rather only in their own home town/home territory, you'll have less geographical area to cover. And on the other hand, think about how much of the world we live in affects how we think, talk, dress, act, and react. Your character's thoughts and responses, actions and questions, will be affected by the world in which your character grows up. In either case, you'll be spending roughly an equivalent amount of words describing either several different locations and cultures from an outsider perspective, or describing one location and culture from an in-depth and insider perspective.\
You don't need to answer everything in exhaustive detail, but you do need to figure out some basic things. We'll get to the details later.\
Again under 'summary information' \cf2 (Scrivener alternative \'96 in the Characters folder)\cf0 , write a paragraph of up to seven sentences detailing your protagonist(s). This will also give you an idea of how cluttered your cast may or may not be. Just go off the cuff, list the most striking features of your protagonist, whether that's physical appearance, grace, intelligence, background, a personal possession, a pet, or a relationship/set of relationships. Keep in mind that all those will need to be developed later. It's also okay to say "I have not yet decided A or B." You'll have to circle or otherwise choose one later, but it's okay for right now to have some options open.\cell \lastrow\row
}