{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Everyone has culture. Everyone. No human being exists in a vacuum, and if a person lives with even a few other sentient beings, they have a culture. Monkeys, dolphins, and even whales have behaviours for both play and work that are taught from parent to offspring.\
The easiest place to start developing your culture here is from your outline. Go through and find the parts where you have to establish character, or the scenes where you have a location or mood to establish. If you don't have plot to move forward, you have a location or mood to establish. Creating some sort of culture or aspects of one gives depth to the world in which your characters move.\
On a piece of scratch paper, write one to three sentences for each character-establishing or location- or mood-establishing scene describing some point of the culture in which it takes place or that the point of view characters comes from. This can be episodic media entertainment (tv-series, radio series), single-unit media entertainment, literature, activities, art, architecture, historical re-enactments... anything non-subsistence and unique to that collection of people. You might not put in all of these as a descriptor, you might not even put in half of them. But if your character is casting an eye around a dark alley is he seeing posters for electronic music raves or old playbills for theatre shows? Is she likely to note the CDs on a person's shelves or that the decor of the home is incredibly retro? What kinds of games are people playing in the park? What parts of the body are taboo to show? This goes, unsurprisingly, under 'Culture'\
How you organize this section is up to you. You could organize it by arts and entertainment, businesses, sports and activites, or you could get more or less specific. Either way, you'll want to start out with some sub-categories in your culture section, and this is as good a place as any to do it. Sort each point of culture into a sub-category.\cell \lastrow\row
}