{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Roman;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re free to go,\u8221\'94 he grumbled. Inhaling pure smoke from an elongated pipe in between his lips, the scent of rootweeds and cherries permeated the room. Niko fidgeted with a small artifact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a handmade necklace, beads covering the wire that held an obsidian gem in place. His black locks hung over forlorn eyes. He was used to this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With no hesitation, he pushed the chair back, heading to the bolted door. Picking up a quarterstaff propped up against the back wall, he snapped the weapon in half, a subtle blue spark coming from the middle. Crafted from lignum vitae, the separate two sticks, known throughout the nation as Kurasei, were inserted into fitted belt loops at his hips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 the man voiced out. Niko stopped, his hand gripping the door handle. The graveled voice echoed throughout the chamber. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t forget what you owe me, Spirit hunter. You\u8217\'92re not in Salathar anymore. Remember that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Niko tightened his grip. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will do well to remember it, yes.\u8221\'94 He opened the door, a slight creak piercing through the silence. \u8220\'93And you will do well to remember that I\u8217\'92m not a Spirit Hunter anymore. That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m here.\u8221\'94 A sigh. A vision of wildfires, his babe clutching at his chest, his wife beside him. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m here, Hathes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Footsteps faded away into the hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another puff of smoke seeped from Hathes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 mouth. He reached at a white feather, dipping it into a pool of ink. \u8220\'93My dear servant,\u8221\'94 he mumbled, writings dotted by ash. \u8220\'93You are still}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 one to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 The bearded man wrote away, parchment filled with dreaded words. Signed at the bottom: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Moonlight. Spirit. Revival.}}