{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red126\green116\blue16;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hiss of falling sand. The grit of each particle falling through the neck of the hourglass. He could almost hear it. Aley knew that he would pick the object up when he arrived. He knew its top half would be completely empty of sand, and he knew that his old, gray-skinned master would be fast asleep. The damned codger had always forgotten to turn the hourglass for the next hour. Since practicing the arts, the passage of time was ultimately his greatest curse, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let that bother him. He was not worried a bit. A little sip of blood would aid him in that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the side of the Road of Rednin, erected alone in the middle of grass pastures, stood his master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s two-story home. It seemed to defy reality\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the first floor\u8217\'92s walls were built with individual cobble stones, while the second was hammered up with wood, and the overhanging rooms upstairs were held up by planks stuck to the side. His master, known by the alias Sage, loved the serenity, as anyone close enough to the house would run in the other direction. They knew what it stood for, and more importantly, what it was made for. A last reminder of Spirit hunting\u8217\'92s dominance in the past centuries over Altreya. Sage always kept his secrets close to his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley climbed up the stone stairs and cracked the door open in routine. No one worried about theft, so it was left unlocked. Right away, he was hit with a rotten stench. His stomach curling in protest, he slammed the door. His master, as he already knew, slumbered on the dining table, drool soaked up through the mahogany. The hourglass, as he also knew, was emptied. He groaned, slamming the elk skull down onto the wooden surface, items wobbling from impact. The old man gasped, his head jolting back, clutching onto a pouch of powdered steel.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Snorting after spotting the young man, the disgruntled Sage threw the pouch on the crowded table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is all the ruckus for, dammit? Don\u8217\'92t you have any decency?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning to you too,\u8221\'94 Aley moved towards the door again, removing his suit, which he hung on a hook. \u8220\'93You forgot to turn the hourglass again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sage wiped his mouth of saliva, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 was busy. I keep telling you that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94 Aley could feel the muscles in his back tightening. Dragging his feet to a table at the back, the stench grew. His nose, sensitive as a wolf, absorbed every foul tinge. Glossing over it, flies crowded over a rotting chunk of venison, a dagger stabbed into the meat. Aley pinched his nose, his eyes watering. \u8220\'93What the hell is this, you old codger? Now you leaving dead meat out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave it there. It\u8217\'92s for an experiment. I can sense Spirit roaming around in there. I can feel it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley shook his head, lifting the board the meat rested on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You appear more senile every day, I tell you. I\u8217\'92m throwing it out.\u8221\'94 He headed towards the nearest window, cracking it open enough, the flies trailing along.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, don\u8217\'92t do that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young man threw the meat, board included, through the slit in the window, snapping it closed in relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sage rubbed his crinkled forehead, more wrinkles marking it every day, whispering insults to himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Asshole,\u8221\'94 he muttered under cold breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your distasteful experiments have gotten too far, old man. It\u8217\'92s affecting my sense of smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He chuckled, laughs like crackling paper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As if your experiments aren\u8217\'92t distasteful either. Last I heard, human murder was on that list.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley hastened his walk, towering over the master. He snatched the hourglass, turning it over. The sand ran through again, falling through the neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember this? I keep reminding you. You need to keep track of time for me. I give you a simple task, and you don\u8217\'92t do it. Turn this over when it runs out. You got it? I won\u8217\'92t know where I am in time without it. It is essential.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah, I got it,\u8221\'94 Sage waved his hand in front of his face. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t need to explain it to me. I\u8217\'92ve been a Spirit hunter longer than you\u8217\'92ve been alive, boy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet, this hourglass was empty when I got here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you. I was busy.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley scoffed, unlacing the pouch on the table and spilling its contents. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boy, are you ill?! You trying to get us killed?! Steel powder doesn\u8217\'92t grow from trees!\u8221\'94 He rummaged around, piling up the dust in haste. \u8220\'93A spoiled child is what you are. Spoiled! What if Scourges come here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care about Scourges,\u8221\'94 Aley leaned over, looming over the master. The old man met his gaze. \u8220\'93I care about how you\u8217\'92re so incompetent at any intellect that you can\u8217\'92t turn an hourglass for me. That\u8217\'92s what I care about. I already feel myself slipping into that void, and you\u8217\'92re over here playing dead\u8230\'85 leaking drool all over your table.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then perform Consumption, my boy. Don\u8217\'92t blame me. Get your mind out of that place for a while. You know a little Spirit always helps. That\u8217\'92s what us Spirit hunters do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley sighed, straightening up. The old man was never fazed when he confronted him. He never mentioned his past to the boy growing up, but he assumed from the place they lived that it was an unpleasant one. Aley, with a careless toss, threw his own pouch in front of the man. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take it. It\u8217\'92s yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sage wasted no time to pocket it. Aley, grabbing his elk skull on the way, turned towards the basement stairs. Before his head disappeared under the planks that made the floor, Sage retorted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And feed your mother, please. She\u8217\'92s been yelping all day. I could barely sleep.\u8221\'94 Ignoring the graveled voice, he headed down to the basement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The basement was no dreamy paradise. Earthy odors of mold and mildew invaded his nose like latching parasites, and a red-fire lantern swayed from the ceiling, flames flickering from fading embers. The floor, matte from piled dust, was cluttered with random items: books, bowls, overturned sacks of wheat, paintings rich with vibrancy. His clothes hung on handmade hooks hammered into a wood veneer. He would wash them in the nearby river, in which he carried an extra bucket back to wash his mother. She laid in the corner, chin on the stone foundation, as her sight wondered in different places. This time, with her eyes, she followed some flies from the venison that stumbled their way into the basement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aley pulled off his undershirt, scars abundant all over his ghost-pale skin. They almost throbbed, some dark from age and others bright red. He threw it onto the ground and crouched down in front of his mother. Every day, she seemed to be evolving. Over time, feathered wings extended their way out of her back. She was covered in fur now, brown and course. Her snake-slit eyes appeared more yellow, more reptilian. And her antlers, once dull, branched out to sharp points, intricate and arching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are you doing, Mother?\u8221\'94 he breathed, his voice low and quiet. \u8220\'93Did Sage treat you well while I was gone?\u8221\'94 Her eyes caught Aley. In that instant, her tail wagged, lifting herself off the floor and brushing her shoulders onto his legs. He stood to greet her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, yes, it\u8217\'92s me,\u8221\'94 he smiled. \u8220\'93Calm down. I just saw you yesterday.\u8221\'94 Not minding anything he said, she stood on her hind legs, dragging a talon through his fine hair. Then, she inspected her son, poking a fresh scar on his cheek. Flinching, he reassured her, \u8220\'93Be careful with that, Mother. I\u8217\'92m okay. I promise I\u8217\'92m okay.\u8221\'94 Almost rolling those bright eyes, she wandered into the middle, sitting down as Aley prepared himself. A whine tore through his ears. She was more desperate than ever. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t forget about your food. Relax. I\u8217\'92ll get to you in a second.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Standing in front of a table, he pulled a furled poster out from his pocket, rolling it out to see the face of Tristan Bellinger. His stomach turned, harder this time. The face almost identical to reality, he had buried the man under the lush leaves of the Wyth Forest. For Altreyans, the forest was darkness. For him, it was solace. And for the ones who met their untimely end to Elkskull, it was a graveyard. Keeping his own alias at the back of his mind, he lifted a rock pinning down a stack of similar posters, the }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 poster}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  inserted in the random pile. He felt the glass vials jingle in his other pocket. His mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears had perked up at that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he sighed, pulling the vials out. There were three, in fact. He laid two on the table. \u8220\'93This one is for you.\u8221\'94 Unstoppering it, he kicked a metal bowl towards her, pouring the fresh blood into it. With no hesitation, Mother began licking at it, emitting a feral hum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was his turn. The stopper pulled off, he stared at the blood through his }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 dark spectacles}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Fresh. Pure. He forced the whole thing down, every drop of blood sliding down his throat. A spike of adrenaline flowed through his body, his fingers spasming. The memories of Tristan all flooded him. He closed his eyes, facing them. Tristan was only a child when he saw his fallen father dead, corpse hauled on a stained tumbril. Later, the man strummed a lute\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strings for the first time. He saw Tristan\u8217\'92s retirement and dozens of bottles lined up on window sills. He saw the man\u8217\'92s marriage, when he forced a jade bracelet onto Hayra\u8217\'92s wrist. Who could not forget the face of Altreya\u8217\'92s darling? He saw the birth of his first son, and then his second, and then the group of Spirit conservationists that he worked with. He saw Tristan\u8217\'92s sons growing into young boys, and he saw the violent fights between him and his wife. And finally, Aley saw his own face. The Elkskull. The final memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Forcing it all down, time began to seal its cracks. Perception of time felt normal, for once. Flashing images withheld themselves, and Aley could breathe alone now. Live in the present. That was a blessing, but it came at a cost. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 In what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  seemed like forever since he felt time\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s aching hand properly, everything began to hurt. Everything became tiring. He dragged his way to a corner in the basement, where he curled up onto the cold floor. His mother, finished with her meal, curled up right next to him, her eyes succumbing to the ties of sleep. He hoped that he could sleep well tonight. It was his only wish. Even though he endured an unending responsibility that weighed on his shoulders, aware of his father\u8217\'92s judgmental stare from the Domain, he wished he could escape reality at least }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cb4\highlight4 tonight}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}