{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Remember when I said we would come back to step {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://kittyspace.org/leviathan2.html#seven"}}{\fldrslt 7}} if we had to? Now's the time. If you're working on a single-city or single and small-country scale, congratulations! You get a breather. If you're working on a multiple city, multiple country, or multiple-planet scale, congratulations! You get to do steps 7, 13, and 14 all over again.\
One of the reasons this is a world-building Leviathan is because it is designed and intended to build off a skeletal structure, your outline, and create system on top of system that supports itself, your world descriptions. And that means digging into a whole lot of things that might never see the light of day in the final draft. Particularly if you're working on a planetary or galactic, epic kind of scale, you will run into the convention that everything must be described in vast and expansive detail. Think of this as filling in the detail beforehand, and doing it in such a way that it's consistent all the way through. Because of the tendency of sentient beings to behave in patterns and develop cultures in patterns, a lot of this will seem repetitive. It doesn't have to be. This is also a good place to compare your different cities or your different socio-economic strata and put in little quirks or vivid details so that when you finally sit down to write, it's less repetitive or monotonous to start with. Or at least less onerous.\
You also might find it helps, if you're dealing with an epic scale work, to keep each planet or city or country or some other group, separate within your resources section. That's entirely up to you.\cell \lastrow\row}