{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Go back to your character sheets for each character, and get out a couple more sheets of scratch paper. Starting with the first character that comes to mind or hand and continuing through, write down each skillset, i.e. each hobby or occupation, volunteer position or vocation. One to three word identifiers will do. Right now all you're doing is making a list of the activities and jobs that feature in your work.\
Next to each skillset, or in some way that links to the skillset name, write down five or six skills that a person in that position would be expected to have. A writer would have advanced knowledge (one hopes!) of spelling and grammar in at least one language. He or she might also have typing skills, research skills or organization skills. Don't laugh, writers, it's true. A priest might have counseling training, knowledge of religious rituals of his or her particular religion, perhaps some history, and certainly would be literate if not well-read. A pilot of a small transport ship would need to be skilled in mathematics and astrocartography and have practiced reflexes. And so on and so forth. If you don't know what skills are required in one job or another, ask! One of the miracles of this thing called the internet is that you ca be in communication with many, many more people than you would otherwise.\
Keep in mind that a single character might have several skillsets, depending on what they do for a living and how many hats they wear in their daily life.\
In each character page, underneath the character information you have so far, write down a three to five sentence paragraph per skillset that that character possesses. Ultimately you might have five or six paragraphs describing the skills your character possesses, and now keep in mind that other people in this world will have these skills as well. If you find yourself in abrupt need of fleshing out another character you'd only given a moment's thought to, you might want to go back to these paragraphs and see that you had a fishing boat captain who played for Irish dancers in her spare time, so this other musician might have these skills but also those of that racing jockey over there. Mix and match! \cell \lastrow\row}