{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Back to location-based world-building! Back to your maps! Go through your characters' youth and childhood, the typical experiences, and start marking down the places they've been on your map. Even if it's just a dot with a flag. Do the same for the normative templates. Then give each location at least three to five sentence paragraph under the 'Settings' section. Before you were writing about neighborhoods, now you're writing about individual buildings, school houses or malls or stadiums or day cares.\
\
Keep in mind that all of these places have contexts as well. Are these neighborhoods, towns, or even planets nice places to grow up in? Is life hard for children, or are there plenty of families and safety networks to help them out? If you're working with places you've already started to flesh out, you might know this. If you're working with an entirely new section of geography, look at the character and how they grew up and use that as a jumping off point to think about what these places might have been like. Think about who the people who worked there were like. You can even, if you get inspired, write a couple paragraphs about them with the same format as you have for your tertiary characters, your bit parts. World-building in this way is a bit like terraforming (or at least how I imagine terraforming to be, since we can't quite do that yet.) Once you lay down your basic components, all kinds of unexpected things start growing. }