{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Develop your timeline. By now you've got a lot of events, an outline, and a lot of character history. Use your character history and your outline and your world bible so far to develop a timeline of your world. Use the start of your novel as your zero hour and expand both forwards and backwards, starting with the events you've already set down. How fast is technology developing? How are social attitudes changing? Go back and forth between this timeline and your character information, making adjustments as you need to. This part goes in Setting, because the history also makes a part of the setting.\
\
Keep in mind that sometimes things can change very, very fast. There are people living now in a country where legal racial equality is assumed (though not necessarily fact) who have grandparents who were assumed to be slaves. There are people living now in a country where individual thought and exchanges of ideas are everybody's privilege who grew up in that same country where conformity was demanded. The majority of the population living today grew up before the internet and thus information (true or false) became commonplace, before exchanges of ideas became easier for many, many people (but not everyone).\
\
Keep in mind also that some things change very, very slowly. Look at the Catholic church. Look at Judaic practices. Look at the idea that things and people that are different from us are dangerous and subversive and should be squashed, that idea hasn't changed much in recorded history. }