{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red247\green39\blue25;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 On a separate piece of scratch paper, jot down two or three sentences about the economic background of every character who appears or lives in that city or country. I mean every character. Even the ones you didn't give a name who barely have one or two lines, like Charlie Brown's Teacher or the Cheese on the Head man. \
Now go over all these sentences. In your binder under 'Resources' \cf2 (Scrivener alternative \'96 The World -> Resources -> Economic background)\cf0  start a new sheet of paper, this time from the least amount of economic resources and going up. Start with a header of 'Least Resources' and either copy over or clarify (you may find that having to rewrite your notes a couple of times gives you ideas or clarifies your thoughts) all your notes from your scenes and your characters. You can, if you know you'll want to come back to it, highlight the times when your main character's name appears, so it catches your attention. Then go to the next highest, which might be 'Lower Class' or it might be 'Working Class' or it might be another, less politically-loaded term. If you know you want to give your world its own vocabulary, now would be a good time to start; there's always some kind of set of words to describe who has Stuff and who doesn't.\
By the end of all of this you should have roughly a paragraph each describing the economic strata you'll be running into in this city or country. Each paragraph should be at the top of its own page (we'll get to why later). Some of it you'll be visiting in the description of the scene you're working on, and some of it will be in the form of assumptions your characters make. Maybe they're used to everyone having a vehicle or mode of non-ambulatory transportation. Maybe they're used to getting medical care when they need it. Maybe they don't take having enough food for granted, but your character's background will shape how they think about and react to what you're throwing at them. It might even help add a scene or two to your work.}