{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This can be an obvious decision for some novels: mainstream, some mysteries, most crime or pulp novels are overwhelmingly set in a world where magic has no place. Almost all fantasy (now including urban fantasy) novels have magic in some form or another. Still, you should put at least a little thought into whether or not you're going to put magic into your novel, and why. Three to five sentence paragraph, under Summary information. Consider, also, magical realism and the weight some events in your novel might have if you leave it ambiguous as to whether or not it was magic or simply coincidence. This is where your outline comes in handy! You know things like this already, or you know where you need to figure it out.\
Inevitably, if you do this long enough for enough different worlds, you will come up with a few problems. As with magical realism example, you'll run into the problem of "I want X but not Y." The easiest thing to do right now is to write that, and then leave several lines and set it aside. Come back to it later. You'll be building up a number of different aspects of the world all at once, they won't all be fully developed one after the other sequentially hitting all the bases A through Z.\
The second easiest thing is to ask why. Why this and not that? Why one but not the other. Start writing down reasons, and then reasons for those reasons. See what either looks likeliest or what fits together best, what has the most concrete basis. Start with the first things that come to mind first and what seems to follow logically, and then start thinking outside the box. Again, only a handful of lines for this. We'll go back to it later.\cell \lastrow\row
}