{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SourceSans3-Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li1440\lin1440}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 FAQ:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is spirit hunting?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spirit hunting is a sacred art in which an individual manipulates the life essence, known as Spirit, of biological things. }
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is Spirit?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spirit is the primordial substance that the Archaic Gods synthesized to mold life. In every living being, Spirit flows through the body by blood. The three places where Spirit is most abundant is in the veins, the heart, and the brain.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is the Godline?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Every human comes from a maternal and paternal line going back millennia. The Godline is the paternal tree that goes back to one of the Archaic Gods, Harren. There are only males in the Godline. Men that come from the Godline can see the Spirit that flows in every being as bright as light. Thus, society created special spectacles that give normal vision to those from the Godline in order for them to experience regular lives, made from Scourge ash.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who is Harren?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Harren is one of the Archaic Gods. He is known for being the only God that lived and procreated with humans. He wanted to live a life as one of his creations, so he imbued Spirit into himself in order to live and die.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What are the three basic cornerstones of spirit hunting?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They are Consumption, Fortification, and Bestowal.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is the difference between the Passive and Active?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Passive is the being that is receiving the treatment from one of the main methods of spirit hunting, while the Active is the being that is actively performing the method.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is Consumption?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Consumption is a method in spirit hunting in which the Active extracts Spirit from the Passive for themselves. The main way to consume Spirit is to drink blood, which is why it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s considered the most barbaric method in spirit hunting. Not only that, but consuming foreign Spirit can cause deadly diseases, so it\u8217\'92s not used very often except for the criminal side of this sacred art. This method was mostly found out through studies on Scourges (they feed on high Spirit beings)}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 8.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can any being consume any other Spirit? (Example is a human consuming bird Spirit)}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No. The Active has to consume Spirit from the same species as itself; otherwise, it suffers from a gruesome death as the body adapts and begins to transform into the species it consumed. This breaks homeostasis, and therefore death occurs.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 9.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is Fortification?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fortification is a method in spirit hunting in which a being burns its own Spirit to gain supernatural features, thus being both the Passive and Active at the same time. These features include more endurance, speed, strength, agility, resistance, tougher skin, and enhances all senses. While burning, Spirit rises to the surface of the skin, the eyes and veins of the being gaining a visible light blue shimmer. However, there are major limitations. Burning Spirit means killing off the life essence in the being\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body. Therefore, since there is a limited amount of Spirit in every being, life expectancy is dramatically decreased even with the slowest Fortification performed. Beings can even kill themselves through too much Fortification or too many instances of the method in their lifetime. As Spirit rises, the more Spirit is burned in Fortification, the more the being takes on a feral, wild persona, where all thoughts fade and the animal instincts of hunger and blood thirst persist. The effects of Fortification lasts as long as the targeted Spirit is completely used up and burnt. The dead Spirit roaming in your system is expelled through the mouth or the rectum afterwards.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is Bestowal?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bestowal is a method in spirit hunting in which the Active \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93gifts\u8221\'94 the Passive by bestowing them with Spirit. This is the newest method invented, even though it is still ancient, and it is performed by writing a script onto the Passive with the blood of the Active. The script, glowing blue, immediately begins to extract Spirit from the Active through the skin and float towards the script as wisps, which it absorbs. When the Active is done with the method, they rub the script off and the rest of the floating Spirit in the air returns to the Active\u8217\'92s body. While this is viewed as the sanest and less sinful method in the arts, there is still a lot of public disdain due to the reign of The Three\u8217\'92s Spirit conservation movement. There is also a huge limitation. Since the Active is losing Spirit, their body begins to age and rot if enough is gifted, starting at the extremities like the toes and fingers. This is the reason a lot of Spirit hunters who perform the Bestowal method often hide their aged hands with gloves.}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 11.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What is a script?}
\par\pard\plain \tx955\tx1440\li1440\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a.	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A script is a symbol used by many Spirit hunters. The Script Lexicon, invented by Archmage Sev and his sect, was created as a way to amplify the manipulation of Spirit, which led to the creation of the Bestowal method and the use of spiritual rituals.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Limitations:}
\par\pard\plain \tx235\tx720\li720\fi-500\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As your body gets older, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s harder for it to accept foreign Spirit. That\u8217\'92s why people don\u8217\'92t live forever. By the age of 105, most humans reject all foreign Spirit.}}