{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf370
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset238 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Now that you've got your maps, your demographics, and some history and idea of the places, skills, and activities you'll be dealing with, it's time to approach an area that could be overwhelmingly vast or dismissively small. Linguistics!\
\
Not the science of linguistics but the application of language to the context of your work. At its simplest, this might mean you have a small division between characters who speak with complex phrases and multisyllabic words more often than not, who don't say 'um' or pause or repeat themselves when they speak, and characters who say 'ain't' and 'um' and 'might be.' If that's all you're doing, I suggest you at least take a look at the works of Elmore Leonard, or listen to Robert Downey Jr speak. Look at authors who are known for their dialogue, and listen to speakers who have vivid manners of speaking. Paying attention to their habits will help you polish your dialogue so that it sounds more natural and thus more vivid within your story. Your prose, descriptions and actions, will come out in your own voice, and that's as it should be.\
\
If, on the other hand, you're creating whole new worlds, fantasy worlds or new planets and spacefaring races, you might be at the more complicated end of the spectrum with creating a constructed language, or 'conlang.' And there are pages and pages and pamphlets and websites on creating a conlang, though I don't have one to recommend immediately to hand. I'm not going to recreate them here, I'm just going to suggest that this is a good time to take what you have and use it to build a conlang, if you feel the need.\
\
Somewhere in between is the world of dialect and jargon. Jargon gives the flavor of authenticity to your work, but it must be used sparingly so that your broader audience knows what you're talking about and for the love of Twain use it correctly. Ask a specialist in the field in which you're writing if you're not sure. Dialect will make your work vivid, as I said, but it helps to have the right dialect in the right place. Elmore Leonard, Joss Whedon, (and others) are all good examples of writing dialect. They know how people speak and they know how to re-create it so that it feels real to the audience. Ian McShane, Robert Downey Jr, (and others) are also good examples, more on the acting and delivery side.\
\
Look at your outline and your character sheets. Your character sheets will give you some idea of which characters might have distinct speech patterns from the others; think of characters who are from a different place or a different time than most, or think of characters for whom you want to highlight a particular aspect like class or heritage. Your outline will give you some idea of where it's appropriate. Consider that you probably speak more formally or at least more politely at your job, or if you're talking to an official person, than if you're relaxing with your friends. Finally, once you've figured out what your characters' dialects should reflect and where you're going to put them, it helps to make a dialect sheet. It's not hard; a dialect sheet is basically a list of bullet points: quirks of language such as having no articles (Russian) or repeating a word for emphasis (most pidgin dialects), and phrases you might substitute for commonly known phrases that either have fallen out of use or that you've made up entirely.\
\
One last thing to consider as you're finding places in your outline where dialect and jargon goes is, again, clarity. Will writing all chapters that are from the steerage boy's point of view in a lower class, East End type of dialect help sell the story, or will it confuse the audience? It takes some practice to find the balance between the two. Handing it off to a first reader or three helps. }