{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Go back to your character sheet and look at all the aspects of the characters you've listed so far. Get a piece of scratch paper and start writing down all the negative prejudices each aspect of this character might face. I highly recommend separating them into economic, biological, social, professional, etc. Then go into your culture section and, in a whole separate section from your previous categories (which are most likely all to be related to Things People Do), write about a page on each overall prejudice grouping on that list. Double check against your diversity entry in your culture section, and if you don't already have a representative of most of the main categories, you might want to add a line or three about the negative views of other people on the categories not represented by your characters. Just because you don't have catmen as main heroes or villains in your work doesn't mean someone won't start bitching about how filthy and savage they are, even as an aside.\
Some of these will overlap from character to character, i.e. unless you have a two-person cast with one man and one woman, your women and your men will share the potentiality of being treated as their gender rather than as a whole and individual person. Likewise you might have three scientists in your work, and so they might face the same outside perception as being snobby and intellectual. Thus, rather than separate it by character, clump them all into groupings and organize your thoughts into a paragraph for your culture section.\
Keep in mind that these are external perceptions, not descriptions of what these people or practitioners of certain skills actually do or are like. Also, some stereotypes and opinions might only be held by one group within that same category against the other, i.e. literary authors prejudiced against genre authors. Crips against Bloods, etc.\
Also remember that these are all negative perceptions, and treat them as such. \cell \lastrow\row}