{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 While you're looking at the scope of your work, check it. Is it as big as you thought? As small? Are you discovering you have a bigger story to tell than you thought, or are you sticking only to a handful of characters because you've bred way too many plotbunnies and drawn way too many plotlines? Adjust. This is also a good place to finish or pad out your outline. No, seriously. It helps. You might have discovered that issues have come up that you want to deal with, so this would be a good time to work in those little scenes or line references to deal with them. Issues such as plot holes, lack of motivations, too many potential motivations, or visible character development.\
(Note: visible character development is different from behind the scenes character development. Once you get some practice in, usually character development is one of those things that makes itself known, if 
\i you
\i0  know them well enough. But it's always a good idea to go back and check to make sure that what your readers see is clear and follows about as logically as sentient beings get, one action from the next.) \cell \lastrow\row}