{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth22960\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt100 \clpadl100 \clpadb100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa260

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Staying in your resources section, add a new paragraph about about the technology available. This technology might be as basic as the wheel and the simple machines, to iPods and netbooks, to as complex as small spacecraft and food replicators. If you're stuck for ideas, build off the lifestyle and expectations. Go back to the outline and see what this character would need to accomplish the things that character accomplishes. Do those things needed fit within the character's socio-economic class? Are they outside of it? If so, what is within the socially expected boundaries of that socio-economic class?\
Keep in mind also that "technology" is here used very, very loosely. A peasant in a hut with access to a spinning wheel and a loom has weaving technology, it's just that the technology isn't what we think of in terms of it doesn't involve electricity and things going beep. More specific than 'resources' but less specific than "communications devices" or "entertainment," consider it "things with moving parts that can break and need to be replaced." Very nearly every socio-economic level has them. Shoes have moving parts that can break and need to be replaced. It's just a question of what, what parts, and how easily can it be done.\cell \lastrow\row}